I did it in the play center.
No yeah do you know what he had.
There was all different things.
And there's lots of cars.
No you go down that wee lane.
There was all these different things.
No yeah do you know what he had one hadn't got any apples holding on his hand.
No my mum i didn't go on that one cause see wasn't the age high near the see.
It was paints jigsaw pictures you can make scissors you can cut out there was all different things.
Don't know i don't know.
One hadn't got any apples holding on his hand.
With a big gun i cut it.
No like three no want the lots lots.
I playing in the sand.
Yeah and the lady said i can make some cakes.
Dangerous but when it talks to you one lets it tickles you and all the body was coming out of the wet.
Do people know about it.
Dangerous but when it talks to you one lets.
You knew the step down there.
It was me picture of me.
Um um you can wash your hands in them when the girls need them.
There's all that paper round them.
And in that one it talks to you.
And all the body was coming out of the wet.
Wood and a dead in the wind.
No you go down no you go down that wee lane you go up this big street and there's lots of cars you have to go in cause there's a door still open.
Eh it's match the hat with it.
Cause there's all that paper round them.
You have to go in there's a door still open.
I saw its wee legs kicking and its arms kicking.
But it's all you have the toys in it.
Yeah mashed potato and peas.
Got a photograph of it.
Peas yeah i do eat peas.
It matches the hat with it.
No i like tomato soap soup.
It's down the step you knew the step down there.
See wasn't the age high near the see.
You have to put your glue.
Em em you can wash your hands in them when the girls need them.
Play center you play in but it's all you have the toys in it.
Did do it did i can't remember all it did.
Scissors you can cut out.
Yeah i had nothing on my pasta.
Play center you play in.
Just i just done just put it on and i put some glue.
Lots and lots and lots.
You go up this big street.
I like playing with the water.
Eh one there wasn't any boys or girls.
I can't remember all it did.
