They're his he sleeps with his.
Could i sing to the song.
So i have to dusty it.
My daddy says my know what my daddy says to my bike.
Some of them are coming in the lions house.
Somebody bought that for me.
You're you're you're lying down on your bed.
You help me put it back in.
O i need you all come and play a game.
They're going into the sea.
Try to put some more on this is a is a.
Is it running uh hurrying up.
Have to do a pee.
Because i never seen when i was up at the house.
And where's all the baby cubs.
And we played outside too.
And i tied it up.
Didn't i should washed them.
And that goes in there.
Missus tremble you put that it with me there.
One two three four five six seven.
We'll put them like that.
Put that there in case there're shooters.
His sore arm and his ear and his ear and.
No just climb up says mummies.
Right i'll help um how do you get it fixed.
Good i've got a sword like that.
And i'm not their friends.
He was dropping off the.
Yeah maybe he'll come back.
Uh maybe it's a big.
And that one there they're all the ones who are in school.
All the animals are in their bed and all the trains are in their bed are in their bed everybody's in bed cause it's night time.
No we were playing power rangers.
Um we um missus tremble's we um see all in missus tremble's room.
Who's going to line up for it.
They be we be goodies in there an and see missus room.
You have to sit there and watch it.
Him and him and him.
He's a wee he's a wee.
The rest of them are all animals.
And i was the red power ranger.
At's that's a big wheel its eats somebody.
My mummy went to the shops.
And then he does did did this and then this.
Uh there's a one best.
Once upon a time there was a once upon a time there was a wee boy called stuart and he had a pirate bike and two goldfish and and a and two or two trees and then he played with his mummies's.
A wee boy we power rangers in school and we played outside too.
Have you got any more bags.
You sit down on my bed.
They're splashing as the train splashed them in the water.
He said hello little pet.
Yep i had a party of granny black's.
A wee bit just a wee bit.
Don't give that to adam this is mine.
The turtles do that too.
That's ripped look it put that on.
That's not the sound a rooster makes.
They all live in the lion king.
He was laughing every day as the party was starting.
Now you have to put swinging cause all the animals are in asleep.
This is a brilliant one.
My lace is getting out.
And you see every thing i built.
The woman has to come and pay.
And he brought see that red.
Well right when i get.
That's that i have to have that wee sword and that sword.
He doesn't come down anymore.
Now you have to put swinging.
Will you put the stickers on it.
That's harold that's harold i don't know his name.
Sorry sorry have to be and now push.
You just do the clock first and do the world.
Please please i'll stay here.
Ah want some in that.
An a th and they live in the lion king.
Busy doing jigsaws i was busy in school.
That's you that's you that's me must be.
And then i'll help you.
And then um and then we it's.
Where this goes here down there.
Uh he's working in a new job in the park.
A house like you did.
They're taking all their toys to play outside.
Go whee and fell down on the floor and i tied it up.
Some of them came to their house and they're crying.
Okay i'll get another present it's its its no there's no paper on it look at it.
Can't find i can't find.
You just do the clock now you have to you have to do the clock a clock now.
Look what i found a.
That's this tiger would go like this o.
This is my favorite balloon.
Are you going to make it.
And i have a monster and you have a monster and i have a monster whee you are a monster in the sky he's you stop.
What many are they what many are they.
Will you will you help me.
It was and then he put that.
Put them in the shed put them in the shed.
That's the doctor and a get the stretcher okay get the stretcher.
Open the door for me.
There was two cheese and onion they're like brown and round.
Agh he's ah warm in there.
Plenty of bikes two plenty of bikes i'm getting.
Um um you have to help me i don't know what way it goes.
No don't wreck it throws it there and now you wrecked it.
You see my remote control.
No they were all coming.
Look will you will you help me put them on.
A lovely jigsaw and kinder eggs.
When you cross the road that's broach's house.
That's why i need it.
When like when spooky comes then i watch it.
Go away go away you.
Will you put them there.
You're hair's all dusty so i have to dusty it.
I when i see one in my garden i took his teeth off.
Where'd you put this train.
He takes me to he takes me to.
Good i've got a sword like that and i can fly watch look at me you keep that that thingummy for me.
Yeah did you make that.
They're bad ones and they can kill you.
An an and i took his teeth in th the muck.
Go whee and fell down on the floor.
They're captains and captain hook is already in where's he captain hook.
And that goes in there and that goes in there.
No i'll sleep in the'll sleep in the bottom.
Pretend pretend this was a garage.
Could i have a banana please captain hook.
Take the ambulance off are you not eating it ah want some in that.
Six you pay for them please.
And that's a mummy one.
Okay i will tell you.
And john i'll play it key.
You like to have you're shopping back.
He's looking out he's looking out.
And i do it a lot.
We play in the house.
We could put all of them on and make ready.
There was two cheese and onion.
This is some lego there.
Well i've got a big one the same as yours.
Let's make it up again.
Well you um get big the big monster and then he'll kill him.
Came up there he came up he came up they're they're going in the lions house ha.
And you see everything i built.
You know where the party was.
There was no room for him he wanted to stay here.
Will we play with that.
Will i put it all back in.
That can i borrow your wee bag.
My mummies likes this and this and that and that and that and that and them have you got any more bags.
Once upon a time there was a.
Put that there in case there're shooters there's a.
We we swing and hit and hit the big monsters.
Good captain are they your fish.
They're all back to zoo.
Are you playing in the shop.
No but i was a wee baby.
I've got three gi three boys and three girls.
And i'll bring some toys.
He's looking out hahn he bites me up there.
A driver need a stretcher.
Put them on your shelf.
This is all this is the.
That can i borrow your wee bag i need some i need use two of these i'm a shopper you tell me if you see a shopper with shopper and sharing some of your things and you say please can you sell some of these.
Can i use your door please can i use your door.
Help me help me help me will you help me okay i've crayons i with lauren.
You have to you have to do the clock a clock now.
Whee ah boom put it um all the animals put all the animals on and then they'll crash.
Mummie will you please be the dinosaur.
In the in the wee trucks.
There are wee spiders on it too.
You stop at red don't you.
Don't give that to adam.
You sit down on my bed and i'll bring the dalmatian out.
And this is one of them here.
The the power rangers do.
They don't come out you have to put them back in.
This tiger would go like this.
That will be brilliant fun.
He jumps up in the air.
Bus is a long time.
Well the other one fits.
You put it in there missus tremble.
Some a wee boy took the wee car off me.
And then i want to go to my mummies.
Who who et ate them.
And them they'll splash down.
And they're all wee cubs.
Uh um big the big giant's things the big giant ones.
The wee boy took the wee car.
You play with yourself and i and i'll watch you what's that say.
Agh hahn two monkeys three monkeys of they're making a juggle.
He's a wee he's a wee he can go home i've no room for him cause my.
He's going to eat you too.
And he and he climbs down them and then help people.
Want to do this pet world.
Well that's one mrs room.
Splash ha splash well i'm gonna.
What's what else is in there.
They stay in the shed.
Well let's take it up here.
And i sit down in the chair with mummies and daddy.
That's the night time part.
He's watching the water and all the daddies.
And then we put oh.
No he's he's scared too.
Spookies come out and scare everybody.
Oh there what's he going to go on the picnic.
No they have no names they're just trees.
He put his tongue out.
Oh oh dear i okay i have that sword now i have that sword.
He won't he'll be sad.
Did daddy tape it for you.
Did i hook your thing now.
No it's not twenty five minutes that's all i myself here.
Ah a wee bit in the shed.
That's bird there that's bird.
Pretend i'm peter pan i'm peter pan.
What did you do when i was sleeping.
I'm peter pan i've got three gi three boys and three girls.
Um another wee chew put that one on my train and then put that one like that.
Coffee my daddy makes it.
And i've got another cousin.
You do it both you go now.
Um um you have to help me.
Aha ha you make a new one.
Yeah and and a swimming thing.
Is there a power ranger.
He's getting his coffee and everyone's in.
Oh oh oh there he is.
And there's a wee baby cub.
Um you have to get this one on.
All my friends were beside me.
Two at the two at the front and two at the back.
And close his windows close his windows and get him round here and get some and then close his um windows down.
Um and where does the shed go.
He's staying in the water he's splashing in the water.
Yip it is a wee home for them.
Who's gonna go with you.
And he had this sort of one this sort of thing this sort of box.
Cause he picked all the things up for everybody.
We got our new bed today didn't we.
And then it comes out.
Well can i put it on.
Why does those not attach on.
Let's do that that side.
Will you fix it all up again.
No i can't do it.
That's me sitting on the cushion.
He bangs everybody bad boys.
There's no paper on it.
Where did i find that.
Some day it's sunny day.
It does you want it does you want a wee drink do you yeah get a drink.
And i'm getting another one big bike will you help me.
That's all i myself here.
And he had a pirate bike and two goldfish and a and two or two trees.
And hi he moves over stay there con come on.
You climb up with those ladders.
Jim told my mummies answer the phone cause i was on the phone.
Yeah and i and i brought some two boys and one girl.
Will you find it for me.
Try to put some more on.
Yeah i put my armbands on.
Do you want a wee drink.
Please mum please can you make my house you make my house.
Oh a red were to come where's he gonna going to stay con come on the red guy this guy come now.
Yeah just got that somebody bought that for me.
Haha he bites me up there.
And lindsay was a soldier and nicole and.
Um um it goes in.
Them all off this is some lego there.
It's a big farm one is it.
When when is mummy gonna be back.
Well that's one missus room.
Because he wants his mummies and his daddy.
Tell me all about this one.
A big like my daddies.
And you be the dinosaur.
Yeah yeah now let's see that's the night time part that must go on here does it.
A sword like that too.
Or who told you a story.
What what you what here's that's a bag of people.
My daddy says to my bike is.
We were our earlier and they haven't no bikes.
That's me that's me captain hook.
Take all this lego up.
That's that's for over there.
You look at where i.
Waa put all that put them o them all in.
Yup that's a zoo back to zoo.
Now the now the have that one here and put that one there and hi he moves over stay there con come on.
He has to it back here.
There's another one of them and another one of them and another one of them.
Um working to build the houses up.
Right i'm going to help you.
Give me all the greens please.
Lindsay was playing and playing.
Okay i can do that wait now till you see there nice and safe and sound safe and sound.
There's too many boys though.
No because somebody helps them.
The girls at nursery play with dollies at nursery.
It was a long time.
Um i want to be the fire brigade.
Will we do another one.
In the world i've got a sword cut cut there.
And i have to uh do all my homework today.
You keep that that thingummy for me.
Wash them every time i'll get you a piece.
This is all the lego.
And i've got a video.
You were pretend you were trying to get all the cars.
He's bringing big pipes and big strong strong things that's all he's bringing.
My mummies likes these okay can i borrow these.
Um um you some day when i get my big pirate bike you come up and see it.
He does webs up in the sky.
Ah they live in the zoo.
The world in this one.
Nuh i it's not delivered.
It's going to be a big pirate one.
Just need the one of them.
That wasn't going like that.
Listen does mrs tell you a story or who told you a story.
Spotted all these animals was.
What else is in there too.
Who's gonna going to go who's gonna go with you.
He fell in the water.
That's from the lion king.
We have to put the pictures up.
Cause mummy says not to mess it.
All of us like it.
A an another wee boy.
One two three four five six seven eight and nine and twelve eleven twelve and fourteen.
And i can in the tent when you when kathryn.
No don't knock it i want it.
There's a tape in there for to see it.
You play with this i'm just wrecking this.
He's lying for a sleep.
They don't want to be hitter hit and killed.
No pretend this is toy day.
Mrs tremble you put that it with me there.
I've got a new pub present for you here.
Saw them in the shop today.
All the animals are in asleep.
And lindsay was a soldier.
So what's in the other bag.
How do you get these i don't know.
They don't stay there they do they stay in there of he's ah warm in there.
Look that thing and it comes out okay.
No i want a wee present now.
And all the jumping up in the air.
He's going to eat you too want me to fight.
No not that way this way.
Get me in the ambulance.
That's why that's why the doctor.
Cmon con and see the lion.
Look at this story see that story right i'll help um how do you get it fixed yeah oh my train is.
It's got a cover on it so it's a table.
He can knock them out.
Spooky you see that's what.
Yeah i was us put i i was us i was us some children.
He came to have a wee there.
Right put it back in.
See he's got a sword.
Put them in the shed.
And get some and then.
You keep it for me.
And john i'll play it okay.
See what number it was.
You put it in there mrs tremble.
We've got two of them.
Yeah i'll bring it over.
And you keep it for me okay.
Are you not using this well let's take it up here take it up carries it.
You you just took them and you just banged them.
Um i've got one of them.
When a train comes where's um my best one zzz splash into the water he came to have a wee a wee there they're in the big chew.
Hurry up mister aha here comes someone here he o.
Push you down there was there's its crashed yeah.
Ah what're you doing that for.
How're the goes to go.
Um um it goes in and then it comes out and then you put it in.
The train's really it's in the.
Is that definitely for me.
Um none two he's two i'm going.
And then he'll kill him.
And i and i'll have i have no carriages.
I make it nice and special like you feeling nice and aren't you happy.
Then they go to space.
Ye ye what's adam's name.
And then they kill them.
Well you um get big the big monster.
Some day its sunny day and we play a coming coming down i come down to your house when i get my bike.
This funny one goes in here.
Yeah i was us put i was us i was us some children.
What's them wee things there where are they.
That's a special it's for in here.
In the world i've got a sword.
Um all sort of things.
Let's do this one first.
Wa into the water water.
And you have one of them you got have you got one of them have you.
Well have you got a big one.
I did a painting at nursery.
Is there any more lions.
Look what many books i brought.
Do you like the lion king.
And and all the lions where's all the lions.
Yeah and and all the power rangers came in with no mummies.
Help me get the stretcher out.
Yep it is a wee home for them.
Blue and red and red and white.
Take it up carries it.
What's what's that animal doing in school.
The tiger's sore i killed that.
Get the wee that wee bit there get the wee bit there.
Can i use your door please.
What else is in there.
That's me sitting on the television.
And i'm the bad people.
That's his eye that's his eye that's his eye.
Och you put i if it does crash put it up there in case it doesn't fall.
That's me that's me sitting on the television that's me sitting on the cushion.
And close his windows close his windows and get him round here.
And me and lindsay does do it.
We put this in people might go for it and.
Feeling nice and aren't you happy.
And there was wee bits you know like that.
How's he going to sit.
He's staying for a wee while.
We have to put them up.
I was busy in school.
No it's not twenty five minutes.
Can't have i haven't got one.
Look what i see a one of them in my garden an've got the lion king video.
Waa put all that put them o them all in cause they're monsters.
Can we do this do you want to do this.
He picked all the things up for everybody.
An an've got the lion king video.
One two three one two three four five.
Splash look they're all splashed in the water.
And we've big new food.
His uh leg is broken.
That's a girl in my school.
Yeah a big one i'm about two boys and a and a girl.
You pushed me into the cushions.
That's a lion king that's lion king.
That's me in the park.
And he swims and swims like him.
The chew going away is there any more lions.
Let's play monsters let's play monsters you have the monster.
He no he's a good horse he can knock them out.
This is the fire brigade and train.
Oh oh i'm afraid salad forgot that.
And there's my friend lara.
Get the hose get the.
That's the doctor and a.
Zzz splash into the water.
You make these and i'll put the top on.
And he saw a two elephants.
See i'm putting them all on.
The turtles do that too the power rangers do.
Well they're big and they kill power rangers.
What you say what you say.
Stop do that mummy the wee thing there.
What about him what about him in through the wind.
Please two of them and two of them and two of them.
He's splashing in the water.
Four ten eleven and fourteen and nine fourteen and nine.
There in the lions house juggle.
Yellow that's the same that you made made.
And as soon as i'll come back oh.
Will we put this away.
Put them over you help me.
I put my stickers on look will you will you help me put them on.
And he plays with me sometimes.
No they have no names.
If you don't hurry up i'll kill you.
Okay i'm going to kill.
This big one killing a big house.
He just said you wanna want a present.
No you look and see.
I think i'll put these back.
Climb like this i'll show you climb climb then you get up and into bed.
You better call the doctor.
Now you try to get back up.
Play will you play tigers.
Cause he has to it back here.
And it's thomas the tank and black on it.
And you watch me playing in there.
He calls and he plays with me sometimes.
I want i can where's rice.
Ring a ring a rosie.
Did you wake me up.
No cause you have to get one on christmas day.
And that and that and that.
How do you get these.
Let's all about the back.
I've got a big heavy of groceries.
What's what's kathryn getting for christmas.
That what the power rangers do.
Look at them what's these what's that one and what's that one.
Some of them are coming in the lion's house.
Well the power rangers kick them.
And you just banged them.
Oh oh it's over there oh.
Would you would you help me get them in.
Right broke it down then.
Granny black and granny kenny.
You and i told you.
That was the end of the story.
Oh i'll take that so you can get some more.
Put my hands in and my hands fell in.
An a there's my friend.
Water splash water they're splashing round as the train splashed them in the water.
Pre i'm the baby one.
The one the ones i had.
And everybody sh there was trying to escape.
Uh maybe it's a big what's this.
When i was getting that big hole digger dug.
And then you put it in.
Nah i it's not delivered.
Oh i'll pick this up first eight.
Missus tremble wait un i go home.
That turns all the cement round.
That one's story is in.
Big swords i've got a big sword like yours.
And you see there's a lot of things and the fairy up on the top.
That nearly go down to the bottom.
Now is this the way this way.
Missus tremble and missus navy and missus green.
And th and there's he going in.
Yeah yeah now let's see.
Green and there's yellow and blue.
There's too many boys though so too many on how do you get all going to be no he stays here.
Telled her wasn't her friend.
Give me all the greens give me all the greens please you give me that i want to color something green.
Pretend this was a garage.
Wah he splashed into the water that one gets splashed into the water after they're or if they're bad.
That's the same that you made made.
Ah a wee bit in the shed cause they're hungry they're cold.
We could fix it together.
Will you help them fit in.
Look at them there diggers.
I'll need some red in a wee minute when i get all these.
He's going to hurt the doctor now.
And they're all going to bed.
He's staying he's staying for a wee while cause he's getting his coffee.
It happens when i'm tired.
There's two of them there's two of them.
Mummy said is you want a man my mummies says that.
Put it a bit higher.
Leave that at the door.
Cmon come on con and see the lion.
That's a soldier and where's his gun.
So what's in that other bag.
My daddy says to my bike is it's a good bike now when i get it.
Let's fix it all back up again.
My mummies likes this and this and that and that and that and that and them.
I've got a big heavy of groceries here that's your groceries.
Agh and a robber robber.
And where are we gonna go.
I sleep in the top.
I did in school was.
People might go for it and.
It's got frostier in it.
I've got one in up in my bed and it's thomas the tank and black on it.
Look what many books i brought i'm taking off another one.
Whee you are a monster in the sky.
The li lights are gonna go on then they'll see.
Oh he squeezed in oh oh there he is.
There was no room for him.
Yep and a cake and milk i drink milk at school.
And you be the teacher missus tremble.
And you have a monster.
Said it was big lion was coming.
They're all the ones who are in school.
What's blue what's a blue.
Do you want to do this.
See i'm putting them all on that's yellow oh.
You did where are they.
And i'll come i'll come back.
Mrs tremble and mrs navy and mrs green.
I kill him like this was.
It's all about lion king.
Will you put that on.
Go and get me a drink first.
Yup are they all monster.
It was two will play at the back and two.
Oh i won't tell you.
And i didn't bring adam one.
Haha every day and i have to uh do all my homework today.
Come on and see it.
There's some sweeties in here too.
Where where's me is that me.
They're funny some of them.
And that's from the lion king.
And this and that and that.
They're watching the's watching the water and all the daddies.
Look what i see a one of them in my garden.
That's a what did you do when i was sleeping do that did you do that.
Here's that's a bag of people.
We have to put everything up.
Water all the lions go in the wei on there and watching.
And the by an and the hyenas.
There a're all in the sea they're going into the sea.
I hide from you and your dad and i and we were secreting in the tent.
What he wants that one.
Get the wee bit there.
You've got them there what color's that for.
He knocked it down look.
Um you call the fire brigade.
Come come and play a game.
That's what i do every day.
And captain hook is already in.
And i and i'll have i have no carriages will you get me this carriages.
I fell off a ladders.
You have to push it off the back.
You make my house right and.
And then he played with his mummies's.
Look at that a wee spider there.
This is a is a.
Sss there done it's done.
Yes i go bang bang.
This has one like that.
They're in the big chew.
That one gets splashed into the water after they're.
Will you show me some.
Oh there there what's he going to go on the picnic how're the goes to go sit here how's he going to sit.
Okay i'll get another present.
Yeah and then when we.
I took his teeth off.
The river's in the zoo bye.
Put them on here in case they get knocked down.
Got them all got them all.
I'll have a go in my i'll let her have a go in my bed.
And now you wrecked it.
That must go on here does it.
And you be the teacher mrs tremble.
Oh you will you look all over for me.
My daddy has a red van.
He bit my arm doctor.
It's there's there's a fire.
Can i have some more.
Pretend there's a drink in here.
He's staying in the water.
Read read that piece here.
Okay i can do that.
Has he any money lions.
Because i was a good boy.
Is that recording what's that is that on.
Nearly finished only two more things to do.
This is the of it.
They have to get the dinosaur like that.
That's a slide that's that's for over there.
There's wee there's wee ask what sent whey.
You tell me if you see a shopper with shopper and sharing some of your things.
And you have one of them.
There's a mummies one a mummies one.
And and joey and brian.
Uh uh all the carriages.
And all the trains are in their bed are in their bed.
Another funny comes on then i watch it.
In school we have the puzzles.
No you're the lazy bones.
Get the wee that wee bit there.
You're watching house lie you're you're lying your you're you're lying down on your bed and he's lying on the top of you there.
Okay okay captain hook i kill captain hooks.
A telephone and a radio.
Will you stick this on.
And then put that one like that.
You were pretend you were trying to get all the cars and big lion's coming.
You make it ready while i have uh a wee pop.
You can go up to my bedroom.
Keep them for another night keep them.
Ti like to get something to eat and he left it he left them cars outside.
Does missus tell you a story.
It's that's the big line goes up there.
Well you bring in more than.
That's my bag at the.
All the animals are in the jungle.
He wanted to stay here.
An a that's my friend with brian.
Put it um all the animals put all the animals on.
Ding ding ding see no.
Ow it's his leg's broken his arm's broken his head's broken his body hurt.
Splash oh no it's so cold in the water.
They're playing ring a ring of rosie.
Didn't go in an in an airplane.
You better open the door.
Is she i was who's that peter pan.
Please can you make my house.
No when it's christmas day i'll open it.
He's uh i'm i'm going i'm going this way crash.
Then we're to this was a garage pretend this was a garage pretend this was a garage.
There there i'm trying to put this on.
No not that he come these were coming here's here's my see that there's my this one.
You could i could get in you could get in.
Yeah he wings and feet look.
Cause he goes up to christopher house.
You just do the clock now.
I've got broach and claire and angeline.
It's got pirates on it.
That was the end of the story but i can't could i sing to the song.
That's all about the power rangers.
That key's been see he swings on it swings in it.
And then we play power rangers.
All the animals are in their bed.
You buy you buy them for me.
Bong hit him on the head going.
A he's coming a work.
Doesn't mean it's a snow white.
Give me all the greens.
He fell down the fell down.
I've already given it to you.
Ahhah ha you make a new one.
Here i am here i am.
Um um there's people waiting.
Yeah cause he wings and feet look.
He jumps up in the air and all the jumping up in the air.
In the water and they get wet.
The that's off the pipe.
No you put it on here.
Can i use your door.
Here we're making a building site aren't we.
Bring it all out right.
Look at all the wee bits.
He saw he saw a two elephants.
In the in the wee trucks put it like that.
It's about a penguin and he swims and swims like him.
That's a lion the doctor's to be on.
You you get all the out of it.
Let's see it i found it.
This is a big jumpy going.
Bring it all out bring it all out right.
Well they're having a wee sleep.
I've got broach and claire and angeline that's my friends.
This is a brilliant one we could put all of them on and make em them ready you make it ready while i have uh a wee pop.
Their food will you help them fit in.
You can go up to my bed and then we'll play.
How how do you fix this.
Let's do the pillows now.
Yeah what's that one in front of your bag.
See he swings on it swings in it.
Can i keep it all day.
Oink oink and a sheep.
Two will play at the back and two.
What yeah and then when we.
Uh she said oh dear.
No because somebody helps them that's why that's why the doctor.
That's fat controller and we need him on there.
I'm just saying bum head.
They're all they're all messing.
Will will you put them on for me.
Come on and finish this jigsaw.
Why have you got that.
Well right when i get i'll go in there and you watch me playing in there.
My daddy to go out.
And i've got a noddy one.
This one's for a girl.
Played and played and played and.
That's a girl in my school who's my friend.
Yeah i'm coming some day.
Here's a truck he got me this.
Ti like to get something to eat.
Yep and a cake and milk.
One two three four five six.
And put it in my tent.
He brings lots of lego to me.
He had to keep it in his game.
What're you doing will we play with that.
Yeah oh my train is.
A tower block with a pig on it.
Well that's stewed bugs and onions.
There's some paper on it.
Are you not using this.
And and your dad and i and we were secreting in the tent.
Yeah and there was a birthday cake.
And i and i'll watch you.
Will we play the game again.
When i all these yellow ones.
How do you get all going to be.
Okay his head is broken.
I'm just saying when daddy comes back i'll just say bum head.
And then you get them dry.
I'll put it on i've got a with me and i'll again i've got a hook with me when i i want to okay.
I'm i'm trying to get over there trying to get over there trying to get over there trying to get over here.
They help their selves themselves.
I don't think i know anybody else there's my friend.
I'm going to show house i'm going to show house.
No i'm packing up oh who done that.
Why did you do that silly dinosaur.
And a big heavy poo was in.
Okay when i get them all tidied up okay.
Yup that's a zoo back to zoo they're all back to zoo cause the river's in the zoo bye.
Where's um my best one.
Then i told jim the same i have.
Now you don't do it anymore.
That's a book and it's mine and you keep it for me okay.
Juggling up in up on up in the sky.
Please can you sell some of these.
Once upon a time there was a wee boy called stuart.
They're goodies they're they're all goodies.
Will we do that one.
And they haven't no bikes.
Oh oh dear i okay i have that sword now.
And then the chew train.
See he's got a sword that's who it is that's who that's him all safe.
I don't want to give it to mummies.
Yeah and and all the power rangers came in with no mummies and i was the red power ranger.
Oh i've got i've got videos of it.
He's going to crack that what.
No it's not no it's not no it's not.
It's in the dining room.
Jim told my mummies answer the phone.
The li lights are gonna go on.
Uh you help me do it.
He goes in the shed and his friend.
Now the now the have that one here and put that one there.
He's bringing big pipes and big strong strong things.
Mrs tremble wait till i go home.
This is the same way what.
Yeah it's not my it's my bed.
And then he did this.
Her can sit there and he can sit along beside him his pirate isn't it.
The one the cars are sitting on.
That's my that's my friend.
Could do fix it together fixes it together fixes it together.
They don't want to be hitter hit and killed that's what they do.
I've got some sweeties made this morning i'll make a big big cracker.
You have to put them back in.
That's not a dinosaur that's from the lion king and that's from the lion king.
What about this one tell me all about this one.
Get her a wee tiny bike.
Are you not eating it.
Mummie and daddy's at work.
All my friends are there.
When i was a wee baby i broke it.
The big elephant got it there.
It was inside the house.
You push it won't go.
And i'll put the top on.
If i turn into red in missus room yellows turn into red and everybody turns into red.
Wa into the water water they're in the water.
Uh um big the big giant's things.
And then all the rescue'll come.
There there nice and safe and sound safe and sound.
You build a house for me.
He brought me a lot of things.
Cause the rest of them are animals.
They're they're going in the lion's house ha.
Yeah i like two beds in it one on top and one in the bottom.
And all the power rangers do that.
You pretend you're captain hook.
Okay can i borrow these.
Yeah all eating the and the big.
Played and played and played and played every day.
You make my home will you gimme give me that.
Take all them noodles out.
You should sleep on the bottom.
Where's all the mummies and where's all the baby cubs where's all the daddies and all the lions where's all the lions there they are.
You get you get that one on christmas day.
I'm going to show house.
The horse is lying for a see.
Was ten was peter was.
Big their heads there get all the trains out.
This is a thing to screw them all off.
Yellow i'll need some red in a wee minute when i get all these when i all these yellow ones me all different colors look at there yellow.
Can i put that on.
It's not time for my bath.
That's not is that not right is that right now is this the way this way.
Um we all turn into red.
Is going its cold warm and cold of.
Right broke it down then and then all the rescue'll come.
In case they get cold again.
The doctor's to be on.
Ha he's a big one.
Then you get up and into bed.
You should sleep on the bottom i sleep in the top.
That's some that's some lego here here.
No they fly like this eu.
Well i have got well i have got the red power ranger an and the green power ranger.
Wah he splashed into the water.
How's he going to sit how's he going to sit.
You go up first you know where the party was.
Yeah it's a pirate one.
I saw all them i seen that one.
Uh um there's thank you train.
No you have to get one on christmas day.
No who's how's how's he going to stop.
You know what i do with.
I need some i need use two of these.
And i have a monster.
Um how's it going away up there and down there and in there.
Drawers don't lock uh um there's thank you train there're the keys.
And then he put that.
He played with the lego.
That's to go in the back.
And and they th um go round.
One two three for five.
I can find a book.
You got have you got one of them have you.
Okay i'll sell some and then you can rest yourself.
You take the mouse one.
And i've got the yellow power ranger the blue power ranger an and the yellow power ranger and the black power ranger.
They stay in the cage.
Uh maybe later o we'll do it.
There's the tractor at the front.
And then he say i'll put a video called on tel.
You you just took them.
The horse is lying for a see he's lying for a sleep.
That's you put it in there.
Will you get me this carriages.
Get more dinosaurs put them all um put them all in the river and them they'll splash down.
In there the rest of them are all animals i'll open the drawer.
Put them all um put them all in the river.
Big one it's a big one.
This is christmas day too.
He lives up the street there.
And i do her jigsaws.
Th th they're only big strong.
Come on you be the dinosaur.
And this is a box.
Um another wee chew put that one on my train.
Okay i'll be back humor okay.
Was i it was bang down.
He fell down in the bag.
Och where is the of hahn two monkeys three monkeys of they're making a juggle.
You go and get it.
Okay i'll just go put them in.
In school we have the puzzles pocahontas is on one.
I got that because i was a good boy.
Try and put this on come and say.
That's a picture of snow white.
Will we do another one now.
They're like brown and round.
And he's lying on the top of you there.
And i'll bring the dalmatian out.
He left them cars outside.
Lots of sweeties where did i put them.
Oh a red were to come.
That goes on to there.
A wee boy we power rangers in school.
Putting the wee boys in.
You can come with me.
What's them wee things there.
And i'm getting another one big bike.
Know what he knows what he said.
You have to put the windows up.
Once upon a time a wee girl called um.
See if that's it now.
And then they come to us.
I when i don't like them anymore i throw them in the muck like there.
That's my house can i have some more.
Okay his head is broken his arm is broken his belly is broken his uh leg is broken his sore arm and his ear and his ear and.
Yeah what you put in that.
Okay not too much just a wee bit okay.
They're all daddy ones and the mummies.
I've got one in up in my bedroom.
Do you want me to dance.
Look there's wee spiders in that.
Favorite favorite there's a train on it.
He no he's a good horse.
Not laughing the laughing at that.
It it's a good bike now when i get it.
They've got a liar ladder too.
He put on a big thing on him a.
I did it i done it i know i done it.
Um we um mrs tremble's we um see all in in mrs tremble's room they be we be goodies in there an and see mrs room th they be red and we be yellow.
And they can kill you.
There a're all in the sea.
Ah they live in the zoo a th and they live in the lion king they all live in the lion king.
It's a hard one like yours.
You see that's the size.
That one that's too big.
Favorite favorite there's a train on it where'd you put this train.
Don't we stop at red.
Well you bring it down.
Get some groceries for me.
Are you putting them up.
Uh well we were power rangers.
It's got a cover on it.
He goes in the shed and his friend there's another baby cub.
I'll show you look at where i.
Look at it and see what it is.
Who's going to line up for it i can.
And and they th um go round and then they kill them.
Cmon the red guy this guy come now.
What i'm not going to say it.
Once upon a time a wee girl called em go and get me a drink first.
That's me in the park this is it here.
One two three four one two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
It's very hard you have to push it off the back.
Eh played the've got a new friend called lauren.
No cause when it's christmas day i'll open it.
One two three four six.
Where is the wee present.
I'll let her have a go in my bed.
I told my daddy then i told jim the same i have.
And you have that big one.
Mummie i want to play.
Okay just going you keep it for me and as soon as i'll come back oh.
Let's see if we can find a fat controller to put in.
Cause the teachers weren't in.
Well they're big and and they kill power rangers.
What bike did he get for christmas.
Splash oh no it's so cold in the water they're in their bed.
Well i want to go.
He goes up to christopher's house.
So i did in school is.
Close his um windows down.
The rest of them are animals.
She did that and she done that and the teacher.
Now you be the dinosaur.
Oh i'll pick this up first eight oh carry this what.
I've to a sword again a big one here being.
