And that's the front door.
Yip if the two dies i have to get i have to call him grape and orange.
And thomas is not is in.
And he needed a pee.
Yeah is that my wee seat.
You want me to tell you.
Will you take this off what is that.
Spaghetti no we'll have meatballs.
You know the night before years and years.
He tried to hit me and trevor.
And i ride on it.
This is the captain of the ship and there are now on it there're no baddies.
She needed to go to the toilet and they were doing the roll call and she went out and got a and she wasn't there and she thought she was at home.
Isn't that a happy story.
There's lots of things my granny black taught me.
Right then we'll play inside.
They have to sit up.
Well i saw superman in the play.
At his house i was at his house simon was there and christopher.
And then he went out to a cafe.
A wee and a jelly.
Ach i pulled it off.
And i sat on his knee.
You didn't let me find it and keep it there.
She she a new apple.
And the cows go there.
She has to be yellow.
But i didn't get any cake.
He came came down here and i showed him it.
We're going to daddy's going to see my new fish and my old fish.
They were building you know the house down beside nicole's.
Do it causes masked rider doesn't like baddies so he kills them.
Running that's cheating thomas said.
He had a wee glass thing on it.
There's a fireworks over there.
And then he went to the valley park.
No the cowboy put him in the bag.
I done this whole much at break.
It disappeared to another boy.
But my slide's not dirty do you want to see it.
She's got no orange juice.
And i'm going into missus mckeever's.
She's going to learn you to count and learn me how to play write and draw.
Can i have the again and i'll give you two of my cars.
Daddy does down the stairs.
Do you want to go out there and play.
Let me see the wee dragonfly.
And i'll just say go home and then back to work.
Cut it down on the tape.
A wee i'm making for you.
And i make him my greatest horse.
Cause they i don't know why they're happy.
But the shoes are on the ground.
It was a policeman and he punched him on trevor.
And they were looking for their lunch there was some.
No in look at it.
I was looking for the one with the one with the one with.
A moo here and a moo there everywhere a moo here there everywhere.
Cause she's got no smarties.
Wait till i fix this i said.
You tried to do the same.
The two of them go in here you see.
No you can see the steam.
We'll go up to my house.
Is that the same as him.
You just go like that.
And the wee girl went down in the.
And all the gates go round there.
My bike's out in the garage.
And there was poison in it.
Yes jesus loves me yes jesus love us yes jesus love us the bible tell us so.
Or i can't build you a wee boat.
There's i found for you.
Look when this goes here he jumps in and here.
Look pretend there's a wee wall there all the time.
And then the rescue man came came.
A dennis the menace calendar.
You need three in it.
Well then give me it.
Yeah she's called missus gibson.
The bible tell us so.
What are you taping there.
Oh i know what pretend this is the chimney chimney.
I'm trying to push him in and every time i push him in he comes out.
Sometimes i go to the zoo and the swimmers and the beach.
Her bag was still there wasn't it.
Yeah and then when we go our we can jump in the pool.
Cause i like cause i like calling it neil i want to call it neil.
Do you want me to tell you another story.
Do you know out there and there.
They came came to my house and.
Pretend that's the front door.
And i got the new beans and then here.
Please help me give me a hand.
Some day take me some day.
Oh he ranked ran away.
Pretend everybody's stood up all the monkeys and everybody.
Not sweeties and not nothing.
Put you better believe this.
Pretend this is my horse and i ride on it.
Cause the man couldn't get down the stairs i have to lift him.
Did bill bought me this.
They were building that one.
And he lay down dead.
There has to be a way out.
And thomas is not is in cause he never comes out.
I saw all of it.
And then after blue it's yellow.
He looked at all the bad ones.
And disappeared and he said disappear.
And i'm going to knock them down.
My fish'll go and breathe out all the days.
Now she's a new one.
When i once upon a time somebody went to the swimmers and one of the girls went under water and batman needed the toilet and he went to the toilet.
He came came down here.
Look what you made me done adam.
And i put another one of that in.
Pigs he ii he ii of.
That's a wee turtle it.
My mummies's a felt tip.
He hit him right in there.
Is there any more man.
You know where all the rubbish stays.
Here here here isn't that a big fight.
I'm going to play go power rangers.
And he was drowning and batman.
And i said help me.
We'll go up to my house and we'll get a different biscuit.
Will you take this off mum.
Yeah she'll try to try.
No you sing it too.
He didn't ride his bike.
Yes and maybe something else as well.
Oh looks that'll make all the people cool down.
When my dad finishes his work we're going to go on holiday.
Do you know stuart do you know hannah.
Better take that out and put a new one in.
That's one at the back.
Will you put this on the back.
This time we're doing this one.
Cause she's got no smarties to eat.
And they love the beechgrove boys they even though they make a noise.
Old macdonald had a farm he had some cows a moo here and a moo there everywhere a moo here there everywhere.
And i'm making a lawnmower.
We need the wee thing.
When he cooks all the time he sings.
It's not a baddie ship it's a guide ship.
And then the wee girl went down there.
Where's your people cause i'm using my people.
You know there to grand.
Yeah now on the surface behind him.
And they were annoying me.
She needed to go to the toilet.
Why does missus mccross give us homework.
We dressed up like this.
Well i'm not going send it back to her.
Why are they wrecking them.
I was doing running that's cheating thomas said.
All the monkeys and everybody.
Have you got something else there in your bag.
Look what i did adam.
They were building you know the house down beside nicole's they were building that one.
That was sitting at the back.
Some days my dad takes me to work.
No there's one two three.
Aren't they a bad boys.
It was a big massive one.
It goes at the back of the farm here.
And the pigs and the ducks and they go at the back and.
Do you see it goes the gates.
The workers boosted built it.
A wee thing for you mum.
Peter didn't see him he flied that way.
Yeah i've got hot wheels.
You just go like that and it doesn't hurt you.
Your mummies smacks your bum.
You know the muck in the biker mice.
My aunt jane brought me in.
And then she went to the toilet and robin came came in and robin said he looked at all the bad ones and robin said all the people and then a wee tiny baby went under.
Yeah he lives beside he lives just here he's here.
Yes jesus love us yes jesus love us the bible tells us so.
We can park it out here.
He's got a batman one.
The other teacher beside missus mckeever.
And batman said help me.
And he went to the toilet.
At his house i was at his house.
Now he got the bath.
It goes this way and all the gates go round there.
Extra and this is the extra sheep.
He's on every day isn't he.
Yeah i didn't saw kyle.
And robin said all the people.
Can i have two creams.
Who's going to cut my hair.
Well i'm going to pretend he's going fast.
Have you got two of these.
Do you want to fight.
And now she's broke her head off.
Let's go down and get a drink.
And i'll say i've done it.
No this is the pirate.
And draw me and draw everybody and draw tv and draw everything.
It was boosted built by the workers.
See take them out and put them in.
Yep if the two dies i have to get i have to call him grape and orange.
This is the captain of the ship.
And i'm going into mrs mckeever's.
Daddy does down the stairs and i do up the stairs.
When you go quick to red.
Throw it down on the floor cathy throw it down on the floor cathy.
You know what they have.
Take it to the bin.
And the wee girl went down and looked at it and then come up.
Pretend this is my glider adam.
Is that the knight horse.
And then he can fight.
Does this go on him.
Maybe we'll after this day.
And his throat was sore.
Do you want to see it.
Let's see your bucket please.
Cause the man give her a wee drink of water and there was poison in it and now she's dead.
You know what else i brought out for you.
One day a power ranger went to the swimmers.
When i'm bigger i can get a hamster can't i.
Wait till i get my shoes on.
And she went out and got a and.
He's masked rider and he's a baddie.
No on the surface behind him.
Why not pull that plug out.
She's got no smarties to eat.
And he had great fun.
If you go to my house you'll get a biscuit.
The farmer locked them in.
It's going up to see grand.
Cause she's got no drink.
Do you see where's the farm.
Do you know what it is.
Everybody sit here fight here here fight.
It was boosted built by the workers boosted built it.
When you were away superman.
You have to put the doors on too.
Why the both of them cause they're finished.
And then a wee tiny baby went under.
Oh brilliant where did you get that from.
Michael adam christopher and simon.
And then he went to the valley park and he had great fun and then he went home.
I like calling it neil.
And drunk it and was dead.
He just does a peep in the swimming pool.
Well i need to build you a wee boat.
And then she went to the toilet and robin came came in.
And the red all the power rangers went to the swimmers.
And then he needed a poo.
No she isn't she's a good girl.
What does his hamster call him.
Look at what i'm doing.
Now do you want me to tell you another one.
The tiger family the tiger family the tiger family.
He's at the back he's lying down.
Can i have that i'll give you.
She'll give me pounds and i'll say i've done it and i'll just say go home and then back to work.
Will we stop at christopher's and get it.
Well my dad and me went on it.
Then you don't know what i have.
Why does mrs mccross give us homework.
You've got to stand everybody up.
Why the both of them.
Do you want me to spell.
Jason went into the swimming pool and he needed a pee and there was only.
Do you want me to see if the are in the trying to.
Yep and daddy puts her in.
Could you get this fish out.
The horses go on the top.
And i showed him it.
This is the body it goes round round.
Red cathy and there's blue after red and then after blue it's yellow and after yellow it's.
Games and i was cheating.
One day the biker mice went to the garage.
It's going up to see grand black.
No she only told us.
The other teacher beside mrs mckeever.
Chips and wee duckies things.
And it doesn't hurt you.
Did you find any stuart.
And i do up the stairs.
The bible tells us so.
And every time i push him in he comes out.
He dreamed and dreamed all about cowboys and dead and he brought a gun.
Oh here's the man punching all the gates down.
You know where the garage is.
Why can my granny kenny not stay here.
Old macdonald had a farm oh.
The builders took it up.
Once upon a time there was a really bad duck.
Well i don't want to go.
Is that the shield for him.
The ball for the skittles.
And he went to it.
Throw it down on the floor cathy.
They said it to me.
He's my boss and he's my boss and he's my boss.
All that could the other mother hen.
They i don't know why they're happy.
And i want to keep it.
They were down near the.
What are we having tonight.
Grow up to be a big boy and eat my dinner and everything.
They're just having a race.
My dad maybe we'll go today.
When the tea's not ready.
And they were doing the roll call.
And i'm going to kick right into the plant and over it.
Cause she's got no orange juice.
He hit all the people down.
Do you know out there and there and they were going and they were talking and i fell cause they were loud.
We are cause i'm getting something.
Will i tell you one more.
Here there everywhere an oink.
He threw him in the bin.
After red will it be blue.
I just went to the abbeycentre and i got the new beans and then here.
The man couldn't get down the stairs.
Cause i wanted to build a city so i broke it.
And i've got these here.
And he went whee and splash.
We'll have to move the buildings.
The horses go on the top and the bull goes there and the cows go there and the pigs and the ducks and they go at the back and.
We have to make the roof don't we.
I can't see because my eye's too wee.
Oink oink here and everywhere an oink.
He said he was going.
He has to get off his bike.
Are we going to make the witch.
Yeah one here and one there.
When i'm a big boy.
When he changes to four he'll be four like me.
Well hannah's not going to my birthday.
She needed to go to the toilet and mr hollis didn't allow him and he wet herself.
Some days my dad takes me to work i spend all the money working and the lady give me pounds to work.
Have you got any saddles.
And one day i came came to my house and two people came came.
He's going out the back.
Have you got two more spare ones.
What about you see this thing.
Like this big house here.
And then the wee girl went down there and the wee girl went down in the and drunk it and was dead.
It's not a baddie ship.
They have flippers like now.
Yeah she's called mrs gibson.
If you make me break my ship i'm going to hit you like that.
Could you help me build a boat.
Throw them in the bin.
No cause the cowboy put him in the bag.
Yes one time you brought this down to my house.
And i'll give you two of my cars.
Daddy went down the big one.
And them wee trees go here.
Just play and play and.
There's over there and there and there and all the wee places.
They have to look first.
You won't let me have a page.
The builder men to me.
And saved them and come back home to life.
You know my friend he's got a computer.
I'm going to learn how to ganges.
Daddy went down the big one and i sat on his knee.
And he brought a gun.
And we'll get a different biscuit.
And he thought he needed another poo.
And i'll shout at you whatever game i want to play.
Yeah if they're no use.
Yeah about castles and the man the castles.
Will we stop at the garage.
He doesn't play with me he doesn't know me.
He lives in that big house there.
And missus hollis didn't allow him.
But my slide's not dirty.
How do you know that's on the back.
And they were trying to hit me on the head.
And i'm going to hold it in my seat and don't go fast.
It feels hot does it.
It's very high isn't it.
They said it to me mum.
If she doesn't know the man will practice her.
Can i go and call for adam.
And then he went home.
All of us get old.
I'm playing the'm playing the space monkeys again.
You can have the police car.
How did they put that on.
There was lots more people.
They go round there and then round there.
Eat them they love muck.
Pretend that's the front door and that's the front door.
This fish this here fish.
A pet and it's a goldfish.
You know what their ears are like.
Wait i get my shoes on.
He doesn't play with me.
Cause she's got some juice.
He's trying to get in.
And he punched him and everybody.
And there are now on it.
And the lady give me pounds to work.
Look pretend this is our wee plant when we go outside.
And batman needed the toilet.
That's up and that's sitting.
And the bull goes there.
I did i got a ball from thomas today and cathy what about it.
They were down they were down near the.
He dreamed and dreamed all about cowboys and dead.
Cause i haven't got much money when i'm a big boy.
Is it to make a roof.
The door's open he's trying to get in.
And one of the girls went under water.
You know the pipes below.
Well i need them cause i haven't got them.
Cause i've got felt tips.
They can have some and then i can have some.
You know what they have flippers like now.
I just went to the abbey center.
Throw her in the bin.
Will we play this game.
Old macdonald had a farm.
But i didn't get any cake cause i didn't want any.
Like like like playing with adam.
Why are you putting them on.
What about those two here.
Will you put that on.
Sharks and he got eat and he seen him.
All the time i did red yellow.
And he went down and he called me bad things.
And the red all the power rangers went to the swimmers and the red said i need to go to the toilet.
No the black they were them.
But first at the beginning we did play do play and what else.
Pretend all the time i go in the back door.
Why do i have to go to granny kenny's.
Just a minute i'll show you where they go.
Can i have the again.
And she thought she was at home.
Yes and then he went home.
My fish'll go and breathe out all the days they've got ears that's their ears you know what their ears are like that's their ears.
Do you know a saturday night when peter went a walk with michael.
Better give her some then.
He's getting ready to go.
And he called me bad things.
And he punched him on trevor's digger.
Send her flobalope envelope back.
When i once upon a time somebody went to the swimmers.
He made me things and things and boats and stuff.
Lions and i was a lion.
One day you built it and it burst.
Maybe i didn't saw it.
You just go whee and then whoa.
And there're baddies in it.
They're called dennis and gnashed.
Take the paper off it.
Maybe another day we'll go with dad.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
Well i'm building it right now so be quiet.
Wait till i fix this.
You see there you go at that castle.
What have you got in your bucket.
I didn't go to her.
You want to see all them colors.
Granny wasn't it was bill.
I read it in my beans.
Yip and daddy puts her in.
There's a fireworks over there're a fireworks over there.
They're called they're they're called barney and man.
Go away up to get that one to that and that one.
Oh i'm going to break my box.
Cause they look like orange.
Yeah julie and nicole and lynda and nicole.
Send it back to her.
Pretend this is my horse.
Yeah when dad's not working and he's off i'm going to help him.
And then i can have some.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve.
And i looked in this to find it.
When we're asking him can we play with the computer.
That one that goes that way.
My other car's down here.
I wanted to build a city so i broke it.
They're they're called barney and man.
I saw a wee bit of power rangers.
Because my eye's too wee.
He got left the steps and he sits down and went whee.
It goes round and it's a duck.
Yeah maybe my mummies bought it in the cafe one day.
They drove on their bikes.
And a bull sits down in the field see all that.
And then they said they'll punch my in.
And they were looking for their lunch.
And there's blue after red.
Will you take this off.
The man give her a wee drink of water.
He has to get off his bike and then he can fight.
We'll go to the garage.
And peter is in it.
One day you built it.
He will he will he will it tonight.
We'll carry it in a wee bag.
See that goes at the back doesn't it.
But i need some clothes on me.
Hold on no she goes on them there wee things.
That's a wee lift so it is.
No she goes on them there wee things.
So i'll bring i'll put this in the wee tiny one cause that would get loosed in there.
Some of one is sandy.
And i allowed keeping it.
Em well baby ginger cheeky and i can't really see.
But it's alright cause i can fix it.
I know but i found that in the know up at where the hills are where the shop is.
It doesn't fit in there.
And them girls are wearing a yellow dress.
Em something sitting em playing.
It just has three buttons.
The wall paper and a spice girl.
You're not going to spank my mummies.
When are we going to play something.
She went to the forest and seen the wolf.
Well one day i found one of them.
Well it's a spice girl bag.
And little red riding hood said i'm going to my granny's.
Uh i know what that is.
Well i'm the doctor you're the nurse.
I made that from em you know alan's church.
There's a picture of when he went into a tree.
Eh i know what that is.
Open the door cause its old lock and you can't get it open.
The bus one is very hard.
Mum's going to put some money in it.
Mummy are we going to lough shore in a minute.
You'll only rip it and then i won't have anything.
I have still had my bandage on.
They brought it to the man and then he said will you make it for the flowers to grow flowers.
Well we can see them up in my bed.
That's what the tortoise was here.
And he can't see very well.
That's evan's bed and that's my mummies's bed.
Well um after you get the story um you get outside to play.
Do you want to see this here but i'm not bringing it out because its glass.
Now something i think this will go.
A hat a coat a scarf welly boots.
Not very well because my daddy's not help me.
Well we could wait we could wait for the next day.
So no it's the same one.
He can stand he breaks them.
So it can be like a handbag.
Mummy i don't want my bobble i want my hair in.
Will we bring um angelica out of regrets.
I always get in my mummies's bed and i hate sleeping in my bed.
Alright i can see buzz and.
But amber got one and amber never got to see it.
We wouldn't have time you know.
They have spots and triangles.
It's just over beside my school.
Um that there one with her hair plaited.
See that wee bird up the top she got one of that and.
And then my mummies or my or evan wakes me up.
No it doesn't go it just goes just see.
See in town at that play shop.
They brought it to the man.
It's the date of the birthday in it.
Will you play that there thing before.
Now this would be lots of big now i put this in.
I did it all by my own.
And they the red hen said no.
Not the one that my holly goes to.
Tablets blackberries just pretend they're tablets just pretend.
And he the chicken hen said.
Well no cause she doesn't let me to.
Ah my one's broken here.
It doesn't really fit you.
And i lie in for a couple.
We're going up to my bed.
So it can be like a handbag and we will put it in there.
And there's two sands and one water and the wee house but no roof.
See if you go to lough shore don't bring anything to eat.
And em slippers my nanny got me.
And you can carry it with the handle as well look.
When i go back when i go back to lough shore.
No i just have this one in nursery school only it's not big.
And then we're going up to my bedroom.
Some of one is cindy.
Um i did the jigsaw.
It's not heavy it's not heavy.
Well we can see them up in my bedroom.
My that's all i can see my bedroom.
It is it's because it's too small.
Do you want to see this here.
She drew that horse for me.
She was going to her granny's.
But i had that for a year.
And me and daddy went on the big thing.
She they all got splashed.
I'll take a picture of something else in the camera.
But there's a wee tiny one.
Do you have other things in your bag.
No i don't like that one.
No cause i'm getting one that you can take her clothes off and this one doesn't.
And i have another one a gold one.
And i don't have any shoe that has shoe laces.
We'll play in my bed soon.
And then the cows run out of the farm and nearly got her.
Here on this page you.
Yip yes and i'm already on my holidays.
It's a wee bit ripped like mine.
And then he brought it home and the lazy ones the red chicken hen asked him asked does anybody want to eat bread with me.
Well it's not a dress.
This and play with it when i get down to lough shore.
Look i have a crown.
But it won't fit in.
There's food in here as well.
No my mummies did it.
But there's jewelry in this one.
She came shopping with you.
Now let's go and take another with my battery.
And them girls are wearing a green dress.
There's a lot of new jigsaws.
He has his on and his hat on his top his welly boots and his trousers.
Um the hair comes out of it.
Well that's cheeky spice up in the top.
What do you do with it.
He carried it all at one time.
But of my barbie house.
The pig is getting washed today.
My friend holly has one of them.
You saw that one anyway.
Yes i always go in the swimming pool.
Then will you bring your two dollies.
Yes my daddy has one.
Trainers and they don't have laces they have stickers.
With but i had the helmet for a year.
And amber never got to see it.
Look it's not heavy for me.
And they can see him.
But it was hard to get home from my holidays.
Well it's not it's like that.
And the lazy ones didn't want to eat.
And maybe he was grumpy.
And that does that there opens.
And then you'll have it next.
Um well baby ginger cheeky.
But the other thing is here.
There's a wee thing that goes in there to keep the money out in to keep the money in here.
Yes because that's what i do and i don't fall.
It will in the night time you know.
And he the chicken hen said can you make some crusty bread for me.
We're going up to my bedroom.
With but i had the helmet for a year and it's not even old.
Not every time she went to school.
There's a big grass you can play.
Yes and two steps and three steps.
My mummies said after we finish here i'm going to get something to eat.
But it's not the same.
When its other time i some i don't go to my bed.
I bought that last year.
And then she forgot to lift it.
There's a duck sitting on his head.
Are green and them trees are blue.
No i have something to press.
But i have boots with zips.
No i'll get something over here.
We still have time to do that one have we not.
When my mummies was when my mummies was when my mummies was a baby she was crawling.
She grabbed on to it.
Ah well i have them shoes they don't have buckles.
And then she grew up into a big woman.
It's very hard for her.
In the trees in the forest.
That's all i'm bringing in the big bag.
One day evan came in and sat there.
I did there was a big hard.
And nanny because i stay over at nanny's sometimes and go shopping to abbey center and i put the food in with her.
And then i brought it home with me.
I just want to see the coloring.
But there's a wee tiny one it's the easy one.
Will you make it for the flowers to grow flowers.
Yes this is in my handbag so i can bring that to lough shore but it won't fit in.
And then he jumped into the bed and got dressed up to see and thought he was the nanny.
But it there's just two.
Now what was i starting with.
Two money two pounds of money.
Is this a good one.
My mummies doesn't have a girl and a boy.
But i swimmer in the big pool.
But the tin opener it's broke.
I open it again sees what's in it.
Yeah what do you want.
Not really last week she he did.
Is there any more jigsaws.
Dunno i just well i just played with my jigsaws.
Because she smacked me very hard so she did.
Buzz lighter i'll i'll take a picture of that.
Trainers and they don't have laces.
No i'm getting one that you can take her clothes off.
Green and green and blue and blue.
That's really break off breakable.
Remember we played that there thing.
We could play it up in my bedroom so you could lie on my bed.
Now we'll do the jigsaw.
No now a girl that was in the ride she forgot to lift it in the ride and then i and then i got in the ride where she got in.
We'll play in my bedroom soon.
It's not see that's what the tortoise was here.
All right i can see buzz and.
Now and then another wheel.
We never had time to do the jigsaw puzzle.
But i can read goldilocks little red riding hood.
A hat she's holding a stick and she's wearing welly boots.
They can see him now.
No you have to wind it.
You can't even see it now.
My one's exactly the same.
Now though cows won't get her now because she would chase the cows and smack them.
It's about a hen who an um an um a mouse and a pig and helping.
You tie one up there.
He threw the skin on the ground.
Salon again cause i like it.
It's because my bag's too small.
Yes but two of them don't have clothes on.
And now i'm really four.
No i just got it.
Yeah now with her friend.
Well i've pencils up there in my bed.
And and you can do that for your eyes as well.
He was playing with my money box.
Em i know it was open a wee bit.
Yes because that's what i do.
Yes my daddy has one but it's not the same.
We'll play it later on.
And my wee necklace in the dark i'll bring that as well.
And i put the food in with her.
But we'll take a picture of um.
Well it looks like a thomas to me.
Not like that a wee thing you can put over her.
But i'll get my stuff ready.
Um um a big bike.
Could you take my bobble out and put my.
No for he's a baby.
We could play it up in my bed so you could lie on my bed.
Put it where my other ones are please.
I don't know when my birthday is.
And the red hen was down lots of work and the friends never helped him to grow um seeds.
She came in and seen the wolf.
Just brushed my sleeve in the coke.
Maybe it was that game so it was maybe.
I'm getting a drink and then i'll come back up in a minute.
Do you see the snake.
But i'm not bringing it out.
See and then the music goes on when you turn her up and down.
But i just make my cloak out of them bags wee plastic bags.
Hey there's a piece of the clock.
Well put is there anything else in it.
And then she was going into the forest.
So she doesn't blame me.
Bananas and pajamas pajamas are walking down the stairs bananas and pajamas pajamas.
When are we going up to my bedroom.
Well the one it's its broken but it doesn't have the same face in it.
Oh they're my daddy's records.
I want my hair in.
And i could have clicked once didn't i.
Well i've pencils up there in my bedroom.
Em not really but i hate tats in my hair ouch.
They're still in there anyway.
Let me see if this is it.
No when i go to when i go to.
Maybe the beady wee things.
Here here's the wedding one.
And i can't really see.
He's peeking out of the hedges.
Em his nanny got him em a present.
It's hard to open them.
Yeah lots of times there're different ones.
Not the one with the pointing and that's laughing.
Em em a big bike.
Dunno don't know i just well i just played with my jigsaws cause there's a lot of new jigsaws.
Um something sitting um playing.
Right i'll jump into my own bed.
Because she would chase the cows and smack them.
And big big the big dog came.
He came to see the pig.
Are brown hair and those boys have orange hair.
Then i'll get a real picture from you.
Who fixed the bed i wonder.
No this is not money.
Um went to the forest and seen the wolf.
That's a very heavy bag.
But it's the same color.
And this is the big teddy.
Em went to the forest and seen the wolf.
So i'll bring i'll put this in the wee tiny one.
I had him for a week.
I'll get the wedding one.
I want to show you something.
No it just goes off on its own self.
He seed all sorts of things.
And the lazy ones the red chicken hen asked him asked.
You could you could i could do it all again.
And it's not even old.
If we have any dollies.
And there's a color one in it.
Not up on the top.
Ah well i have them shoes.
Yes i always go in the swimming pool cause i was swimming in the big pool.
And the lazy ones didn't help him.
And this is my new necklace for my birthday.
It's only a wee doggy nip.
Has stripes and them boxes have dots.
When i go back to lough shore.
Yellow shoes and yellow shoes and yellow shoes.
They they they might be the geese.
She saw an elephant a dog and a li lion a tiger.
And they were helping him to carry it.
And she's wearing welly boots.
See if you go to lough shore don't bring anything to eat cause there's a lot of wasps round there.
Let him come on in.
See my friend see my friend amber she drew that horse for me.
And then that one and then that one and then that one.
But it doesn't have the same face in it.
But i'll get one of my nice dollies.
That one has em red shoes.
Whoops my chair's fallen down.
They went into the water.
Why've you a girl and a boy.
There's the there's the one that marries.
Yes but um you have to get everything sorted out first.
I was going to say the chair's broke.
See if you bring anything for me.
It doesn't really work anymore.
And i got a new.
When are we going up to my bed.
I can't tie and i don't have any shoe that has shoe laces.
And then it will be like that.
Only i don't allowed jumping from three steps and i always do.
And down there is the big.
So will we put it over here and i'll tell you.
When are we going to play.
Does anybody want to eat bread with me.
Ah look at the doggies.
And a bird hanging down but i never.
Um his nanny got him um a present.
You could bring your own doctor case.
This is my special hole.
And nanny because i stay over at nanny's sometimes and go shopping to abbey center.
And then they all came in.
But it's not close to my school.
And we will put it in there.
Not every time cause she went to school.
Um i got it for my birthday when i was three.
Dear me oh this is nice kid's shoe stops me for me.
But beside our school there's a different school.
He got it for his granny.
And the red hen was down lots of work and the friends never helped him to grow em seeds.
He gets he put the granny up in this up in the wardrobe.
I know a song about bananas and pajamas pajamas.
He threw them on the ground.
He breaks he breaks them.
I found that where the wee thing.
It's my nanny's and i can't even get it opened.
It's a wee bit broke.
Teddy bear latin his dinner.
No i just got it and i allowed keeping it.
My mummies was staying in a hotel.
Look that's like my mummies's bag.
When my mummies was when my mummies was when my mummies was a baby she was crawling and then she got out of the house and walked down where the em the cows are.
There's a lot of wasps round there.
Brown hair and yellow hair.
She put she they put her in a box.
Can you see the airplane.
But we had to color in.
Now come up here and see what dolly we will have to fix.
I know i have lots but there's jewelry in this one.
Well she doesn't blame me.
Well i got plenty last year.
And the lazy ones didn't want to eat and they the red hen said no.
No when i go to when i go to i'm going to go underneath when i'm going to the baths next week.
It must be home lost.
And then that goes over.
It's about a hen who an em an em a mouse and a pig and helping he's a lazy bones.
Now though cows won't get her now.
And then i'll come back up in a minute.
And then she was going into the forest and big big the big dog came.
I'm getting up here so that i can see.
My that's all i can see my bed.
He likes sucking his thumb.
And i hate sleeping in my bedroom.
This isn't this should be in the old one.
Will we bring this here one.
Them all they all have green shoes.
Will we bring em angelica out of regrets.
No you're not going in there.
Triangles and they have spots.
And i'll get another book.
Do you want to play it.
I always get in my mummies's bedroom.
But it must be hiding in the corner.
Well we have lots of.
And the other tree is blue.
So i can bring that to lough shore.
Come on up here with me.
Well the one it's its broken.
Pink and that flower is purple.
Now where will we hang this.
No it doesn't say m.
Maybe it's in here somewhere.
No but i will just ask my mummies.
Well no she doesn't let me to.
And i have a barbie car.
What dolly will we get.
And that lady is wearing a pink dress.
That's tied in a wee bow.
But i found that in the.
And then we're going up to my bed.
Teddies over here and noddy's over there.
I wrecked it when i got out this morning.
Then i can read them to you.
A flower a pink flower.
Now a brown piece i'm putting.
The they wanted to get dry.
The key's stuck on it.
And she wasn't she was just looking.
She fell in the water.
It just goes just see.
Yep and i'm already on my holidays.
That's tied in a wee bow and you can put it round your arm.
Well put is there anything else in it cause there's something else it's.
Alright i'll have it first and then you'll have it next.
Do you want to see what it does.
It's hard to get in.
That's my other one there.
That one has um red shoes.
A bandage if you have a broken leg.
Hey what's that there sock.
And then the wee table.
Now i'm going to do it all again cause i can do it.
And there's em a part on it that didn't turn over.
Because i wear them out when i'm going to a disco or something.
No i go in the night time until my mummies comes up to bed.
No my mummies showed me.
And i was train to copy it.
But we could do it today.
I made that from um you know alan's church.
She eats it all up.
You're not going to work.
We could wait for the next day.
But there's one of them lost.
They tied them for me.
No we'll play it now.
Well it only looks like it is.
But it's all right cause it is money.
They sawed saw a helicopter.
Only i don't allowed jumping from three steps.
There's money in this but not real money.
He says dada as well.
Because i know what that is.
But it there's just two it's hard to get in.
And i did it all by my own self.
No do you want to see my different bag.
And they went oink oink.
Did you ever go to lough shore.
A different one i don't know a different one.
See i can drink out of a bottle.
Right i will show you at the start.
My nanny give it from santa.
You're not going to do my mummies.
Cause this is my special hole.
It's lough shore and there's a beach in it.
Can your wee girl do this.
It just doesn't say nothing just is or.
If i can find the pan.
And there's a beach in it.
Because i'm going to lough shore.
No not really i only read it.
She got one of that and.
Well not really i pick them up.
And that one has blue shoes.
He broke them two pictures.
It always it always falls down.
There's some suitcases under my bed.
Yes see for my barbie houses in there.
My friend jamie is in p one.
It was in the morning time already cause i was lying in.
I promise i was going to do that that jigsaw puzzle.
Yes but i'll put it in my bag.
Well i don't really feel like.
It's very hard to open this one.
Well it was tatty i am wee bit tatty but.
That's all i know about it.
But i went in there and i just.
Now this would be lots of big.
She gives them to her mummies.
There's chocolate soup if you want.
Now the house the mouse.
That would get loosed in there.
And um slippers my nanny got me.
And you can put it round your arm.
No now a girl that was in the ride she forgot to lift it in the ride.
And they're black and disgusting.
He run through a big tree.
Well em after you get the story em you get outside to play.
In a minute there's a thing mission here.
Before we were going to go.
What's the where's the geese.
Em i did the jigsaw.
Salon again i like it.
And you can't get it open.
After i finish reading the book i'll get you something.
And then i won't have anything.
Know up at where the hills are where the shop is.
It's because it's too small.
The one with the hair up.
So we'll do that later on when you go home.
Now i put this in.
The holly my holly's school is in its just over beside my school but it's not close to my school.
Remember we bring two dollies.
Um not really but i hate tats in my hair ouch.
We're going out to my bedroom.
And that's my mummies's bedroom.
And little red riding hood said.
And then i and then i got in the ride where she got in.
All different pigs except the color one.
You could put them up in my bedroom and do them.
The paper goes round it.
That has a fishing net.
Em i got it for my birthday when i was three remember that one.
And the one with the one who's pointing her thumb that's.
You tie one up there and then it will be like that.
My own his head is broken off as well.
I got that from my sister amber.
Yes but em you have to get everything sorted out first so i did.
Well we have a tiny book from that.
Look at my dollies hanging up.
Well you'll have to stay in for six weeks.
We're going out to my bed.
Yes but em it's its a real house there's a tv.
Cause i wrecked it when i got out this morning.
The there if you press hard.
Not up the not up the top.
And this is the big teddy and down there is the big.
What dolly will we get what.
He said where are you going.
Now i'll get something else to put in the big bag.
Does he know that i love spice girls.
Will you get it in.
Feel them they're just plastic.
And something else but i don't know.
Well it's not a dress it's a skirt.
See that wee bird up the top.
I want to show you something it scares.
I won't take a picture of you again.
Tablets blackberries just pretend they're tablets.
It's brown as well and pink and blue and green.
That's a wee baby duck.
And then she got out of the house and walked down where the um the cows are.
It's not like that upside down.
Well only open i opened my eyes.
My see my grand and the lady she's called path as well.
I think it is cause it's covering up mine.
The holly my holly's school is in.
I know cause there's a duck sitting on his head.
Do you think we can fix it.
I saw your same exactly same doctor's case you have.
Um i know it was open a wee bit.
It just doesn't say nothing just is d or m.
Alright i'll have it first.
Em the thing you match together.
In the night time i mean.
You always let me find the bits.
No this is not the right one.
And then he brought it to the thing the man.
Yeah i can do all of them.
And the man get really splashed then.
And that one beside emma is ginger.
Yes but i shake it.
But i didn't want to do it.
Do you see my dress there.
Yes but he got water all over him.
Um um a teddy bear's sitting in the chair.
Gives me it at the last minute.
That should be in this one.
Yes this is in my handbag.
Now i have lots i have this and this.
I know but i sleep my comes up to go to bed.
But i don't know the other one.
Yes and that one goes open.
The the geese got soaked.
No i'm going to play with this.
It's all stuff i will bring to lough shore now.
And she goes up and down.
We could play puppet show with the dolly.
But it looks like a choker.
No my daddy did my daddy did my daddy didn't like it.
He was sitting he was playing with my money box.
There's a barbie with no clothes.
Yes but i shake it and it works.
And i can't even get it opened.
Cause one day evan came in and sat there and i was sleeping.
So i will i'll tell.
And there's um a part on it that didn't turn over.
Oh is this bit like that and on.
A hat she's holding a stick.
No i have something to press so i do.
My barbie house is up in the roof space.
Yes but he didn't have man on it.
Well only open i opened my eyes and i seen him.
But it was hard to get home from my holidays cause it was raining.
And the cows thought they were getting my mummies was getting the baby cows.
He was going to kill the wolf.
We could play in the next morning.
Now i won't play with that now.
And then she forgot to lift it and then i brought it home with me.
And and get the granny out of the wardrobe.
But i sleep my comes up to go to bed.
Well i'm going upstairs with this.
Where did we put my hair.
You could put them up in my bed and do them.
It's not the same but it's the same color.
You need to move it a little more.
And that there goes round.
Em em a teddy bear's sitting in the chair.
That's the one that marries.
She put me in the hall one day.
And the man said yes.
Um the thing you match together.
You're not getting up in there.
And i'll take a picture of the horse.
I am wee bit tatty but.
But we're not playing doctors.
It was in the morning time already.
But they never helped him to.
And then i'll bring i'll.
Miss monroe and miss mcbride.
Em the hair comes out of it.
And then he brought it home.
Look at this here one.
Now i'm going to do it all again.
Yellow hair and brown hair.
Em that there one with her hair plaited.
Oh i get that from.
When she was only a wee tiny baby.
The pig went in and then they all came in.
He's train to catch him.
Can you can you make some crusty bread for me.
Yes but um it's its a real house.
All tr two trains all trains.
That dog's lovely and i got him off mister blair.
Wanna want to see a.
What else is in the bag.
Will you let me see right now.
Lets do all the people.
Can you fit them together.
Um go on the swings and the slides and the pole.
Oh toby the tank engine.
No i don't want to do it the day today.
It's out in the back yard.
One called steven and one's and em i have a new teacher today.
That's a bit of the wall of the castle.
Read this book i like that.
One's called jennifer and one's called spica.
Spica need want some juice.
Way you have to put.
The other bit of it.
Uh what's that one for.
No it's up in the attic i mean.
Looked at their metal thing and all that.
It went off in half.
Well that's not your mummy.
Now we need um some wheels.
These all these pieces for.
No must be a tattoo.
Um them there other wee.
You want me to fix it for you.
Going to th the driver.
And tighten the other wheel.
Um where does it go huh.
You wanna want to see this.
Well that's not your mummy that's my mummy.
Yeah it is a church.
Two of them are j jennifer.
Um i'll show you where the cats are.
Do you wanna want to see it up in my room.
What is that there noise.
Where do you put the wheels.
What you do with it what you.
Look a bit of thomas' engine.
Do you wanna want to see it.
You know what that plays.
Let do it over there.
Where where's j james going.
What who are they called but.
Mummy i'm doing all it by myself an't i.
What she's up to what she's up to.
Right what's this bit for.
Do you wanna see it.
Right where do this go.
What's that out of huh.
Do you do you know.
Yes i think it is.
Mon come on and see what we're making mummy.
What wei mummy what was he saying.
Sh she didn't get a pic a picnic.
Will you come here with them old wee tools again.
Yup i know them all.
Why do you need use two of them.
There's cats um i'll show you where the cats are.
The dumper's off for the night.
She didn't get a sweet.
Did he do it the day today.
Cause i got a hammer.
Don't know what the noise is.
Em that's jim and mum.
Will i open them for you.
And o and on the rope.
Which bit is it for.
Well i think at the bottom.
Um because um cause he likes driving it.
She isn't getting them isn't she not.
See what we're making mummy.
Must be got broke down.
Um i had a good time at school.
Cause she didn't get a sweet.
All the blue pieces for thomas the tank engine.
Yup um that's the other wheel.
It used to be old but.
Will you come here with them auld wee tools again.
Because it's me and yours and spica's.
Uh up in the pen house.
First of all with you.
Will you stay here and play with my balloon.
And do you know what i say.
Only have to put this in.
Did lots of hard work.
Does that get back up.
Well we're tightening it is't we.
Now if you open your bags and i wanna want to see what's in them.
Naw it wouldn't fit there.
And um i have a new teacher today.
Right cause i'll have to tighten it there.
You stay in there thomas.
But what's this bit for.
Do you wanna want to sing.
Now you now you hold it there.
Do we wanna build a car.
Em who's the driver of it.
Look at the far now.
Wait til until i see.
What car keys are them for.
Um that's jim and mum.
Are there any tools in there.
Do you have any tools in your bag.
Now if you open your bags and i wanna see what's in them.
I think i have a man here.
His coca cola bottle one.
And that's the last wheel okay.
And we were doing we did two puzzles.
You have to do that.
Two of them are jennifer.
Where are the wheels for.
What where does this bit go.
What's that big bit for.
Well will i pet her.
What's in your sch in your bag first.
Would you open your bag now.
Houl hold on hour hold on.
Do we wanna want to build a car.
That what's that bit off.
Me and cathy did it.
No cause i don't want to do it the day today.
Did you go down that way.
Yeah i got a head bump.
Can't find what i have to put on.
Right i'll have to tighten it there.
Yeah must be it's stiff.
Um must be got broke down.
Um wee s wee steven.
Yup cause em that's the other wheel.
So now who owns these.
No but there's lots of juice in that.
No at the top i think.
This is the part of thomas.
Have to do it the morrow tomorrow.
Is that a good idea.
Wanna want to see it.
Um i wanna have a look.
Cause em cause i know hard work have a drill.
Do you wanna see it up in my room.
Houl hold on hour hold on would hold on.
Don't know what is it.
Like i had to do um putting a machine on.
Will you open your bags.
What are all them for.
Very hard to tight aren't they now.
Can i have one sweet.
Do you like this tape.
Can't i couldn't i need a.
Well what about this bit.
Do you want me to tighten one on for you.
Um wait t'we until we see.
Way you have to put here i need the.
Because i have had one of these before.
The other the other night.
Ah you stay in there.
Um who's the driver of it.
Um member remember them there other wee.
Um i wanna want to have a look.
Oh what's this bit for.
Wanna want to see this.
Til to the sweetie shop.
Yeah i know where it goes.
Um because um he likes driving it.
Why do you need two.
Cause sh she didn't get a pic a picnic.
Do we need all these tools.
Is that your tape recorder doing that.
Look that's off thomas' engine.
That's like your tape recorder.
One called steven and one's.
Em where does it go huh.
And another bit flying up.
What's th the blades for.
She likes that don't you judy.
Um um i know hard work have a drill.
No i play with just the boys.
Us doing all that hard work.
Oh there's a red one.
There's a couple of pieces.
Why is it not open.
Is that your pool down there.
Do you want to play the wee game.
Do you want to play this here.
No we can't tidy it all back up sure we can't.
Where does that bit go.
In my house denver gets up and wakes me.
Will i click that off.
And then you pick them off.
You're not going to make a house.
Hey how are you going to make it up like this.
Well my granny went to disneyland and brought me a dog.
No because we have to get the tiles up first.
Do you want to play this.
Well you can make it up again can you.
You said two pence and then nine pence.
Who's going to be the mummies.
But i'm allowed to pass them over to my dad.
If we want to go outside we can.
Do you want to play that.
My dad's going to put a lock on his door if he gets out of bed.
We got our kitchen tiled.
I got a wee book with an on a rocking chair.
She bring brought me a wee dog.
How do you put these on.
Will we play in there for another wee while.
I'm going to draw the mummies.
Remember we told you in the car.
Only some of that color.
You need to put a battery in.
How did you do that.
Maybe the teacher done all this in here.
You've got eight eight right.
I saw nothing i didn't look out.
Will we color it in no.
Now where do you put this.
She went to america and my auntie linda was there.
She saw mickey mouse and donald duck and goofy.
How did you know i was going to play it.
What do you do with this.
Where are the glasses do they go here.
And green trees i mean blue trees.
No i said are you going to draw.
Get the bag get the bag.
Well what do you want to play.
And then you give me fifty-eight p right.
See it a big long.
How do you put this on.
Right do you need your belly done again.
Yes but she's back now.
It just and hit it.
How are you going to click that in eh.
And it's very hard work to get it tiled.
What are them wee things there.
And then will it go.
I was in your bedroom before.
That's your house in there and this is my house in here.
Yes and i want to play that.
Oh look at the money in here.
We can tidy this all up our own can't we.
And it just fell down.
You have to come shopping right.
And this is my house in here.
I'm going to build something with sticklebacks you don't know.
It was a long long time.
Do you want to play.
We need this wee thing working.
Do you want to play this i'll show you.
In my house denver likes getting up and waking.
You know what can you get this to go.
Yes but he's not in it yet.
I dumped it all to you give me it rights.
And then you give me fifty-eight pence right.
You know what i didn't get one of these.
And i have to get a trailer.
Are we going upstairs again.
What are we going to do now.
A brilliant holiday and she saw mickey mouse and donald duck.
Yes but you have to give me it.
No i've to give you this.
Now let's get the chew in.
It's a long way to the wall away over to the other side.
Do you want to play the castle.
Do you not want to make the castle.
Only some of that color but ours is flowers.
You said two p and then nine p.
Come on we'll go upstairs.
Maybe his teacher done it for him.
What's this is what my wee bob has.
Why is there no fours in this.
Well that was called john.
Well how did he do that.
Crisps and i would buy a motor bike.
This is what my wee bob has.
Why is there money in this.
No i can draw myself.
Played everything cause i've got trucks up there.
Why is it not working.
Are you allowed to use the scissors for it.
I saw them the last time i was here.
How do you turn it on.
Do you want to play the castle no.
When are you going out.
You keep all this money right.
What are these balloons doing in your room.
Do you know what kathryn.
She fitted sat beside david.
And what did granny bring you home.
Look she's got the whole toast.
I nearly fell down the stairs.
A drawing in the sea.
Are you lying on your bed.
Why have you got all the pictures on the wall.
And he gave gave us all books.
Yeah cause there's a hole in my tractor.
Why does this thing not work this red thing.
Right now you take all that money right.
How are you going to get it to go in another piece.
Yes i was sitting beside two.
Well i'll take this bit.
A village what's a village.
To get it to go bigger.
But sometimes he goes to sleep.
Yes cause i've got scissors at home.
And i got a fishing net.
Played everything i've got trucks up there.
We'll throw that in the bin if it doesn't come now.
Is that why it's going like that.
These are all falling out.
The weather said it was going to snow.
Let me see that bringing the money.
I was in your bed before.
Are you not feeling well still.
The red one is missing.
And i couldn't reach mine.
Where will i put this.
You need this don't you.
We'd have to go to the hospital.
The weather said it was going to snow and it didn't snow.
Do i have to catch anyone i like to.
Pretend i have all this money right.
You were right how did you know i was going to play it.
Will we play something else.
Hey you've got two names on that.
He kicked the ball away up at the light.
No cause we can't tidy it all back up sure we can't.
Why is there i said.
It doesn't matter will we play something else.
Stupid old window with an on it.
Do you want grapes for your dinner.
Because you have to be a good girl and tidy the toys haven't we.
Do you want to play with the castle.
My mum tied my laces.
Are you going to draw.
Why do they go together.
Right now what do you do with this.
Are you allowed to use the scissors.
Well i want santa to bring me a trailer for my tractor.
What about the downstairs toilet.
Do you want to play with the castle cause i do.
Look we have to play that now.
It's called portstewart and i gone there.
Do you put them away now.
Yeah there's a hole in my tractor.
I saw them last week when i was here.
That's your house in there.
Why does that not work.
Is it in your box.
Will i go and get your mum.
Is the other one lost.
Did she say she was going to go out.
Did i catch this one.
Why is there flowers in this.
Do you want to play that now.
There's these stuff has to be in this.
Well how do you put it on.
You have to get your stuff to play with me.
But it didn't come down in our house.
No i want to watch a video with david.
Why is this red thing not working.
How are we going to get up.
I say fifty-eight p right.
Now i have to say how many first.
Well that was called john he kicked the ball away up at the light and it just fell down.
Away up on top of your wardrobe.
Mine away down the same as yous yours.
Yes i've got scissors at home.
Where does the toilet go.
And i was sitting beside andrew.
How do you do that.
Here's the shopping trolley right.
You you forgot that one.
Look there's a ba the ba took him away.
Is she i have a big ball threw it up that way and that it goes o.
Have you seen power rangers before.
The wee babies jump in the wee house.
Got them for you mum.
He he was very bad.
All the time cause i like it.
Cause it's a very silly one.
Um um um there's no lost tyrant's here.
You can't get over it can't get under it can't get over it can't get under it.
They just talk like this.
That one is about whales and.
You do him like this.
Oh i love that big dinosaur there.
No you can't cause i have to show you all these dinosaurs that i've got.
When are they coming back.
A duck goes like this.
And i could be the bad batman.
Do you wanna play that.
And then the other people killed all of them.
See there was elephants and there's.
How do you get that thing off.
No that's stacie and that's greta.
Why is he why do you think he's happy.
So what will i give him.
Just the other one they have sharp teeth.
But he can sit here next to him.
Cause i just eat pretend to fish.
Pretend there was a big trap his mouth and close it.
Is only allowed to smoke.
Uh what do you call her name.
Yes and she saw him.
No th there's no for it.
Some of them are not.
Big teeth like tyrannosaurus rex.
Does the what have two terra dons.
Do you wanna want to see my just all the toys first.
And i could be him.
There he wouldn't let him look at his teeth.
Where do you think this would go.
Well we better dry him or.
Them other dinosaurs went home.
And i got all i killed all of them.
Just gonna going to see.
Do you know what i've got.
Why did she leave that here.
Then his friend comes who do you call his name.
Stop that or i'll or i'll.
Do do you wan do you wan.
Mummy look look what i.
And there was a lot of things.
Look trying to get away won't get away.
The wrong way to say it.
The sweets in the fridge.
Are they all why do you think they all happy.
It isn't cause it's its a monster raptor.
They gonna going to get trapped.
Yup raptors live in water.
Well i've got the big ones.
What's he gonna do to the dinosaur.
And he and he does he feel like going in there then he slides in down there and.
Oh adam's a bad boy isn't he.
Well i've got billy the whale.
I did that one for daddy.
He he well he eats um cars and he wants the same aliens to eat.
Did you see the big monster.
This there goes up on his tail.
Cause he has a what.
Th here comes a big tiger.
Look mum i've got them for you.
If is you put uh a your hand on the back of one uh on the tail of it would.
Were gonna going to get.
One of these that she's swimming in.
The ra do you wanna see the raptor.
Whatcha what do you wanna want to play.
Is that out of that.
Is your sister a girl.
Yeah that's all i like the two of them.
They go round th the wee game.
He goes into a trap.
That's off a or the wee ball.
Cause cause cause they do cause wee wee alligators have wee ones of them.
And what's the boy doing to him.
Cause cause they're cause they have to say this was.
That's what you make him stop with.
Yeah and i was sleeping.
Do you wanna hear his big thumping.
Play the other th the playboy.
Well i'm gonna going to tell you what i have.
Wanna see me getting on that.
It had them on it.
Whatcha what do you call that snake of um jung jungle book.
Oh here's the wee boy.
How'd paddy get out there.
Why is he like that.
He goes like into the house.
Hi i know where he is.
No i mean a wee puppy.
Hi you get off me stop that or i'll or i'll.
Well no i mean a bumblebee.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen sixteen.
This rococo doesn't have any gun.
I bring two bananas in and kicked him on to missus.
Took him away so he did.
Put your finger inside its mouth there.
Well i would just get a big fat cage and then br bring him and then hold him and then he'll he'll be in it.
I saw dinosaurs in there.
Oh that's the big rococo.
You could be a wee baby ba batman.
Like why is his face like that.
I get these doors closed.
No cause he smashes them and then let them go then let you eat them.
I could feel one of these two of these dinosaurs and you could be um you could be a wee baby ba batman and i could be the bad batman.
And then all things came out.
He scrapes the man jumanji's ear.
It's a big giant castle.
No don't close his mouth.
Yeah and my mum to cause she was really scared.
No put him over there he's.
A duck is a pond one.
One two three four five six seven eight.
It's one for bigger boys.
And do you get killed.
Yup he doesn't love me anymore.
That's that's only gonna going to go to.
The ra do you wanna want to see the raptor.
Now i'm gonna put that over my head.
Do you want i have dinosaurs.
I lost whoa whew di whee.
You should just um you don't like them now you only um eat them.
Whatcha what do you call that thing that.
Wanna want to see the other one.
Yeah and its name is scamper.
Cause she didn't get any of them.
That's the baby and that's the daddy.
No i mean with a castle.
My mum said i was allowed to watch one but that's it.
Now i just wanna keep it.
I saw a tiger at the zoo.
Can i play with that.
Now do you this one.
It's it's it's a girls one.
Have you seen my aunt gillian before.
He he tries to kill jasper that wee boy off it.
We were playing water fights out there.
And mister and mister and aunt june and mister prince.
This that thing is a new thing.
Yeah yeah story the toy store.
He's gonna going to kick them.
No sh he was in the house when you when she got him.
The boys at nursery play with the bikes.
You see his arms have fell off.
Tr tr tr trip triceratops.
He feels like going in there.
The room that has the castle.
No we're going to change in september.
Then they saw um the nightmare.
Cause he got a what.
Do you wanna play dinosaurs.
Well i'm not a hamster.
He's not a real one.
Well i have the yellow and the red.
So i'm not playing fell out with her.
If is is you're not cold.
She saw him when she looked out the window.
Hor horns aren't just like that.
That isn't it's for big boys.
He he wants to fly in that castle.
No that one's a terradaon.
Why do you think they're bad.
He he's a real one.
For a wee flag in my and somebody broke it o the wee flag off.
Th they're crying their crying for the.
To i and i'll give you a kiss.
That's what we were playing outside.
Yeah cause they di they weren't real.
Did you see come back here.
And then it felled fell off.
When i eat all of that good food.
He threw some over me and i had to throw some over him.
He wants to with it.
The big witches was in it.
There's a lot of things.
He he a wee monster.
An and i and then i can.
That isn't a power ranger.
Well a well th there was a toy this toy store.
You don't get any sweets.
Now do you wanna want to play then you can go downstairs.
There's there's one man and two man.
Girlfriend's called heather not greta.
And batman doesn't get trapped either.
Cause it had them on it.
There's there's one man and two man and there's another man another man and another man.
Well some of my raptors do.
Wish i beat him up.
Car christopher and michelle are my.
S that's his name slugger.
They didn't get any of them.
Why'd she left that here.
Cause she didn't get any.
I would say i would just i i would just go away.
And all that and the batman goes in here.
You get smacked with two dinosaurs.
But where do you get cages from.
Well i'm jack's friend and i and nobody sat beside me.
This thing i've got open the thing.
Monkey is jumping on the settee.
Well i i'm still hungry.
Do you wanna want to go downstairs.
I bring two bananas in and kicked him on to missus i am jack and chloe.
He's badder he's baddie he's a baddie.
Yes tn no we're not doing anymore just put up the stairs now.
No put him over there cause he's.
I was i can fly.
Then the man do's does this.
My face painted with a batman one.
Cause she has none of them.
And peter was pushing me around and.
I put them in th the fridge.
She's she's not power rangers.
That's go in the same as that.
Monkey doesn't want any juice.
Oh i'll show you what they are.
And do you know what you call the big one.
This is my school coat.
The men come and feel his belly and they say.
Do you do you mean mister frostier.
Why was he very cross.
Put him there like that.
His gun is in there inside there.
Uh played with the toys.
Is there gelatin in the strawberries.
Would you have to say silly.
There's everything in my school.
Whatcha what do you call that thing.
Is this one for you.
She didn't get any of that.
Cause them other dinosaurs went home.
I just eat pretend to fish.
I i have to see but but that wee girl's here.
No i'm not gonna going to do them.
And the came flying out.
Well i fell out with greta.
Do you wanna go downstairs.
He got me a butterfly too.
A big spider there's a big giant spider.
Doesn't the red power ranger have a white sword.
Well she a lot of them.
Well just i like dinosaurs.
Just went by myself my.
They come up on tv.
It's too big for me.
He threw some over me.
He came to my house then then something happened.
Who you call his name.
No i don't like them.
Have this you big bongo bozo.
Whatcha call that snake of um jung jungle book.
Why'd you not get the dinosaurs with you.
So they so that they um can them dinosaurs can't eat them.
He likes ones with horse or uh he likes ones with a.
Cause there's none for her.
It looks like a crocodile.
My mum bought me that batman.
Who do you call his name.
Does paddy like rainy days.
Why is he why does he why is he happy.
And i just got them on ones back an.
I have a big ball.
Why's it a sunny day.
And there's my name too.
The men come and feel his belly and they say it's okay it's only a wee triceratops.
I's that that boy won't hit her cause he cause she hit her.
The big ones are big and they.
No that's a terra don.
No on a wee swing a wee swing over.
Whatcha what do you call him.
Yup cause he cause mowgli makes him bump and bump into the floor.
Now let's play a game.
He is greedy cause you gave him.
What's it ty tyrannosaurus rex.
Two rococo one that was broken one was not cause you can make the one that was broken up.
Sh she got him and then.
No it's it doesn't go down.
She has one full pack of them.
Count how many monsters there is.
Look i locked him an and the snake can.
Do you wanna want to try some.
No i'm not gonna do them.
Now what do we need next.
How do you put i paddy in the.
Monkey is sleeping on sebastian.
You don't have a camera.
Then he can get out.
I thought that was one of my wee friends.
And i had to throw some over him.
That's its puncher you see.
Cause she i hate them.
Do you know what i got.
Cause she has none of that.
Of these raptors is gonna going to eat them.
Aw which one is it.
You know the big fat one put the cage i big cage in it.
We're just gonna going to put them in there.
Mum asked me if i was hungry hungry.
Cause has your has uh he got.
There's none dinosaurs called a diplomas.
Yeah and my mum too.
You play with in uh school um these dinosaurs.
Now i'm gonna going to put that over my head.
Two rococo one that was broken one was not.
Hi i know where he is i know where he is.
I just think they're all fell.
The man took him away.
I could feel one of these two of these dinosaurs.
I'll get up was o.
And do you know what.
Well do you know who's daniel.
Just he's on his belly they call him stegosaurus no there call him stegosaurus and the wee horse on.
Has your has uh he got.
Sit you down and watch the tv.
Look i've got this for you cathy.
There no don't do it.
That one just says this.
He eats wee other horses.
Do you wanna want to play cowboys and uh dungeons.
Are you gonna going to fall.
Or no i changed my mind.
And you could be um.
And you were sleeping beside me.
It is cause i seen a lion on the tv.
They slip in the th their wee house and now all the wee us ones go in the house.
Yes and she saw him and she got him a by his his um leg and he and she threw him out the window the house.
Hi hi i found ping.
And and there's another man another man and another man.
Now watch what do you make with this.
Cause he's a bad boy.
When they seemed saw it.
So i'm gonna going to eat your.
That fell in the door.
They slip in the th their wee house.
What time do you go at.
Look i can stretch my feet.
Well i'm gonna tell you what i have.
This one's not gonna going to hurt.
Why do you think it's raining.
All of them dinosaurs they shared.
Do you do you think do you wonder who are they.
You get hit with him.
I don't see players anymore.
Mum will you gi me that.
Look isn't that my mummies name.
Well well well there's outside.
No it no it's a shark.
When the wee moving it goes move the wee new.
He plays um chew tricks cause he gets a chew.
You've got the same as him.
So i have to be uh this one.
Now jumps up he doesn't fall.
I won't vacuum clean i.
You don't like them now.
You put him like this.
It's a very good game and the robots come to.
No no one's the strongest.
And crocodiles have big ones like them.
That in it has it.
Now let me see what.
No gimme give me that uh you see that um.
No i don't want that big not that cause its.
He runs away on me.
He likes me tickling it.
No he wanted to come in the house.
Now where did the other bit go of this.
That's a chew isn't it.
Well i've got the same as him.
Well i'm not i'm i'm still fell out with greta.
They told you they were down.
They wanna want to watch us.
Now let's do that one.
He's not a rocking horse.
And i just fell down.
Aye he wants to watch me so he does.
No there call him stegosaurus.
We were pretending that em we were playing.
Oh hi that's one that i have.
Did you why would you hit him.
Well she st she has these many.
What'd they do on the beach.
Look cause they a all fight when when.
There's all the dinosaurs standing.
I did a painting at nursery.
That's his off his arms.
And why do you think he's not happy.
No that's a is a different.
Well do you know what.
Behave yourselves or i'll let them ra raptors go.
And we were playing with a.
No no you don't need that one.
Well you call him a pterodactyl.
Well you can't put this on the.
I play with this toy here.
We were pretending that um we were playing.
Cause he said i don't love anybody no more.
Why'd you not bring the.
Is silly a bad word.
He wants to watch it.
One and two one and two.
Then peter climbed up too then he was.
Yeah and um and then when they video shop they would have seen it.
Cause cause we he was gonna going to.
Cause does paddy like rainy days.
That wee girl can go up to the play.
No don't you need them.
Is gnashed what does gnashed do.
Well do you know what's in it.
He he tries to kill jasper.
And why's he not happy.
Cause cause he was very bad.
They they weren't very good.
Oh no you can't get over it can't get under it can't get over it can't get under it can't get over it can't get under it.
Oh what time do they come home at.
Got that from that too.
Bigger ones that it makes you round round.
Aye there's the blue one.
I go to craig lands play playgroup.
You get you get me a big big giant um look at that on my knee.
No you don't know where e he is.
Well why do you think there's a castle here.
You're allowed to look at these other dinosaurs.
It's just the have them.
And i got other other sand.
No you know why i.
Butterflies you've butterflies you have.
Ghost jump out o your dream.
Who i was gonna going to.
And now all the wee us ones go in the house.
You know the big fat one.
Sure this isn't a chicken.
That's what i can do.
You've got five of them left.
Well he's a big dragon.
Well i just like heather.
Well you can't put this on the's too big for it's too big for me.
In a wee cage i mean.
Is that not on tonight.
And the tigers baby just lied on his bed.
And are you horrible too.
Come you c'mere come here come you here till eat your tea.
No they no they th they the big ones lift them up.
Cause he was he th he thought he was bad.
It's an it's an it's a monster.
He put my car in.
Oh do you like this.
And then br bring him and then hold him and then he'll he'll be in it.
No that's for a wee.
Monkey is s sitting on the chair.
The bat thought he was bad.
Well there's some more missing.
Man the man comes to.
The girls at nursery play with the dolls.
No he smashes them and then let them go then let you eat them.
I go to craig lands play.
That's off the chocolate man.
Bigger ones that it makes you round.
They eat the arms his arms off.
Only the wee un one.
There was a one i have.
Would you put them in the bin.
Out of her own school.
Yeah they di they weren't real.
Does he not like me.
With the horse and the.
Cause the big ones are big and they.
That one's a girl that one's a boy.
But that wee girl's here.
Sh sh came she came when you came.
Watcha what do you wanna want to do.
And then he then gets up.
What would adam say to you when you bring these.
Die before you get a.
A cage like a big cage like.
Just when a big giant one.
To make the cars stop.
Cause cause they're in the park.
That stops and then it goes.
Girl called heather not greta.
Would you help me find the other one.
My ghost he's called stuart ghost stuart.
I was i can fly cause i'm only a wee boy okay an and i and then i can.
He when he was here he wasn't my friend anymore.
Where's your wee white go that you had.
Well he just went in like you're at your car.
They're very warm and cold.
Yes but he is the same.
And and he just threw him in there and then he done this when he came out.
And i could be the big bad batman.
Wanna want to see me getting on that.
Well i do wanna want to go up.
Feel how soft he is.
Well you and you there's.
Do you wanna play with these.
Cause cause she hit her.
How you get them big the big fat cases your big fat cases.
What does it taste like greta.
Cause i got thomas cause he was being a bad boy.
Yeah it's just it just has three dinosaurs.
To put the ice in it.
And there's a big monster in it.
And we all had swords.
How do why do you think why do you think that he he's mad.
No don't close his mouth cause he likes me tickling it.
Put the cage i big cage in it.
That castle is where the best friends are.
Look at them there toys.
There those trains are noisy.
Cause cause cause he when he was here he wasn't my friend anymore.
You put him on in his mouth.
This one's not gonna hurt.
Guess what i've i've got behind my ba back.
There's none there're none dinosaurs called a diplomas.
And then he did this when he came out.
Um only at school times.
Hi stops that or i'll sort you to pieces.
Uh i took it out.
Cause he has got what.
Then they slip in then they go in.
Threw it up that way.
Well what well what's his a eyes an and that's his two wee eyes pointing up.
Um um do you think that i'm.
Oh my mum has that's my mums.
He's a real horse that when i'm sleeping.
Ghost jump out out of your dream.
You can't talk when you're eating.
He likes ones with horse or uh he likes ones with a likes horns of a rhinos.
Are you gonna let me have a diktat.
Now put it all to together.
Color and matthew are good boys.
Do you know what this.
Um uh a ghost when i was sleeping.
Cause he wants to fly in that castle.
Then all these can climb on.
Look an all them dinosaurs.
Do you wanna want to play dinosaurs.
Cause they got every cause they done that.
It's wide no too wide.
And does he bite his bottom.
I put your things across.
At these good dinosaurs that i had.
She has none of them.
And what's the boy gonna do to the killer whale.
There was a and we were playing with a and we all had swords.
Would you get them things off the road there.
Is there gelatin in that.
And two and two in it.
And he got his socks on.
And he takes stuff off me.
One there and one there and one there.
You get you get me a big giant um look at that on my knee.
Well i have batman the bad one.
Whatcha what do you wanna play.
No it doesn't you just do this.
I saw it i seen it i seen it.
Why do you not why were you not castle.
All the wee dinosaurs in.
That's the way it goes.
Have this big bongo bozo.
Oh i can be these too.
Well what one does he have.
Now i just wanna want to keep it.
Can i go to the.
He goes into a trap and then he then gets up.
Much i had it's a jigsaw.
Four four four phi four four.
And get that thing away.
No that isn't a ducks noise.
She's in a the school that it's beside it.
And and he just threw him in there.
Do you wanna play cowboys and uh dungeons.
He he he's a real one.
In in th in the sweet bit.
It's only a wee triceratops.
They're the two of my friends.
You could be the baby batman and i could be the big bad batman.
He's a's him it's him who's in.
Yeah and he gets trapped too with batman.
Yup cause raptors live in water.
You see you see them.
Her dishes in the kitchen.
Why's it why's it a sunny day.
Look at i've got batman.
And he was trying to get up.
Fish is they is that meat.
It's about about it's about a lot of animals.
That thing off your toys.
Oh there's a big dungeon.
What do you call him.
And that's his one uh horn.
Watch what he can do with these.
Jasper that wee boy off it.
Well do you wanna see the one that's monster dinosaur.
And one was head his head.
Tell you monster raptors the three monster raptors.
And get and get baddies were gonna get eaten by that dragon.
Can i go out with him just for a.
If he got he would like up there.
Do you wanna want to see.
Dina tron jumps in then that all the wee meat eaters go in there.
And she and she went ran away.
Do do you get off.
And he's watching out the side.
Oh oh how's it gets on.
So i'll make the magic go away.
You could be the baby batman.
I got him from christmas.
See what was in it.
Well i was only trying to open this but it all the wee other toys fell out of it.
And they kill you with the swords.
Did you bring the back.
Ha i saw it hahn.
And he and he does.
They got and they get a with trey traps with raptors.
Come you come you here eat your tea.
All the time i like it.
All of them dinosaurs cause they shared.
Chr christopher and michelle are my.
There's a big tractor lifting him and throwing him.
Mummy you're like a big flower.
Here don't put it up.
The power rangers one is in the.
No no he would live in a prehistoric.
With wee things on it.
They are some of them are.
So i can open the car.
No it's for being the for being a super dinosaur.
Cause they didn't get any of them.
That's his that's um wee christopher.
Who d'you do you call his name.
Some of their selves themselves.
And the big ones eat you.
Then you put that's jurassic park.
That is frostier the snowman.
No that was um i know his name um trafficker.
Here comes the good uh robot.
Um now it's your turn.
That one doesn't do't roar.
The rest of these too.
If is you put a your hand on the back of one uh on the tail of it would.
No they have to talk.
Will i show you what i can do.
How how do you get that thing off.
That's only gonna go to.
Have you seen jurassic park.
I wonder is i can go out.
He has to say get me out of that hole.
And they had a pictures.
Tha that's you can't come near that castle cause that castle is where the best friends are.
Will i bring this will i bring this.
Somebody stuck it on and then it felled fell off.
He came to my house then something happened.
Monkey hasn't got no shoes on.
He he's a wee boy.
Do you wanna want to hear his big thumping.
He has to be the big baddie.
Then he goes up then he falls in.
How many black cars is there.
On on all them like this.
And look what i've got.
Well i would just get a big fat cage.
Okay okay he'll go fast.
Mummy has gone to the shops.
That scared me away over there.
Th monkey's monkey seen blue rabbit.
Really really he lives in a dinosaur place.
Have this big booze bozo.
We're going to change in september.
It's only a magic one.
Is it a dinosaur one.
Is there gelatin in strawberries.
Well i was only trying to open this.
And does he rip people's bum uh bum things.
He plays um choochoo tricks he gets a choochoo.
Where's all this form here.
Would you would you it on for me please.
You can make the one that was broken up.
She didn't get any of them.
Then i and i was standing.
That's on in jurassic park thing.
But it's an it's that's.
So i can count how many there is.
Up the stairs in the loft.
It was just on the tv the big tv.
Is it i've just had a wee diktat.
And there's another wee baby dinosaur.
It isn't it's its a monster raptor.
Was that better for you.
Get me out of that hole.
Then he goes like this.
I ge i got his um all the dinosaurs dead.
Oh do you like me.
No and then eats it all up.
Th they was just playing with then batman came down.
Yup he is and i'm peter.
That's what we were playing outside and i was been a power ranger.
Do you do you wanna want to do one of my jigsaws.
This is the power rangers.
A bear at the zoo.
And and i and nobody sat beside me.
He killed all th ba baddie group.
He runs away on me and takes stuff off me.
Wha guess what it is.
What do you call that joker.
I have a dinosaurs already.
And he's and he's not cause he.
Jus the same as that one.
Well there's his eyes here.
You only um eat them.
Look what you do with that.
It's a very good game.
Hi you get off me.
They were very uh old.
Alligator is a cr an alligator and a crocodile.
And he and she threw him out the window the house.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven ten twelve.
No that's that's what these do.
Aw you knock them all down now.
Cause they're at the park.
No a chicken that's a chickens.
Didn't know you were here.
Look they a all fight when.
If you put that down there.
Of these raptors is gonna eat them.
Whatcha what do you wanna play now.
Cause i wanna want to do.
Don't see bear any more cause that scared me away over there.
Look look what i've got i've got them.
Three twenty-four twenty five twenty-six twenty five.
You're put it in there.
And not any of my men cause they weren't very good.
Wanna want to see spike.
There's a big giant spider.
Just like all the boys.
Just put up the stairs now.
Did you not see one like that so far.
And i've got one two.
One two one two three.
What's he gonna going to do to the dinosaur.
Have this you big leg.
I'll try to do this one.
This is what you got me.
Well i don't put these.
He he jumps down there.
Yeah i've got one of them.
Do you know what i done.
That's um peter that's a bad boy.
I got them in batman too.
You turn this around there and it goes.
For the for the one to go up to um the one to fall downhill and and get wee thomas.
No now gimme give me that there.
She has none of that.
You've a wee the wee book.
No no not that no.
All the time with her cause she likes.
She didn't play with me.
Why does she she not hears me.
That looks like my name.
And there's only one diktat bar.
Oh i know his name.
That the one that seen the other jurassic park um the car.
No it's only magic one.
Th it was just on the tv the big tv.
They were in the pictures then they seen um the nightmare.
They go round th the wee game when the wee moving it goes move move the wee new.
They were in the pictures.
Do you wanna want to play.
Just uh then put them in your mouth.
Do you do you mean mr frostier.
We're just gonna put them in there.
What do you call stacie's wee chum.
So i'm gonna eat your.
Can i bring my dog in a big cage.
Have got i'll show you.
He he's not cheeky to me.
Yeah when them big drums came.
A wee game it's about dinosaurs.
He a wee monster greta.
Are you gonna going to let me have a diktat.
Guess what i one more time.
You get mad when you say that one.
Would you have to say silly billy.
My aunt june caught him.
Oh there's only uh one.
Well i do wanna go up.
You don't get any of them.
And you know what doesn't the red power ranger have a white sword.
What do they do then.
But it all the wee other toys fell out of it.
Who do you call her.
Yup he mowgli makes him bump and bump into the floor.
Well well he is cause he locked me in the room.
That wee girl can go up to the playroom.
That's the raptors wee house there.
And you keep that bit down.
He was being a bad boy.
How d'you do you get them.
The kitchen is in their back.
And all that and the batman goes in here he slips in and they're meat eaters then they'll get him.
My teacher has got them.
Cause that cause don't make noise.
Well there's no more in.
Well that's a big black one.
But he went out of my dream.
As if they well not really.
Let's play with the castle now.
All the big weed eaters all the wee us one's goes in there.
So there we've got the first line of it done haven't we.
Th they was just playing with then then batman came down.
That one has got big tr tractor.
Well her hair's up there.
Horse you're going too fast.
No i don't want that big not that.
No is sitting on the chair.
And that was a good one that was the bacchiosaurus.
We have no fire in our living room.
There's a wee sweet here.
Whatcha call that thing that.
Where is the other man.
He wanted to come in the house.
Did they go away out to sea.
And not any of my men.
Somebody threw him in the i in the in the desert then he put his then do you know what happened.
Tha that's you can't come near that castle.
Why do you think they're they're happy.
Well he's cheeky to me in school.
And what's the boy gonna going to do to the killer whale.
Why does it not come on.
Whatcha what do you call it.
And that's his two for his horns.
Maybe it would go there would it.
The wee un one only go in there.
What now watch what do you call this dinosaur.
Let's put these all away so we can play something else that's a good game.
So so that my great big dinosaurs can nod their like him.
And he was me with wood.
You have to be fed.
You don't have a camera you don't have camera.
You stood on my toe first.
Can you bring them in.
A big dog in a big cage.
Well that means a sandwich.
Do you wanna see my just all the toys first.
She them ins cause them ins are al already grew in the house.
Where is the other x man.
Do you do you wanna do one of my jigsaws.
Bought her a present already.
They're they have to say this.
Well do you have a cage for paddy.
No the dinosaurs in playschool been really.
I saw a lion on the tv.
Cause there he wouldn't let him look at his teeth.
What's that thing there for.
There that's the girl one.
Wanna want to see it again.
Now one jumped up in the.
Cause her dishes in the kitchen.
It's a very silly one.
Christopher's my brother and michelle my.
Or watch what i've got.
No the dinosaurs in play been really and they can do and they an and i just got them on ones back an and that was a good one that was the bacchiosaurus.
Cause th no they're crying.
I've just had a wee diktat.
He doesn't take your things off.
And watch on the there's five of them.
That's what i can do i put your things across.
I i've been sick there.
Monkey is sleeping on the oh.
Well do you wanna want to see the one that's monster dinosaur.
Put measuring tape on it.
He was he th he thought he was bad.
No i've got a wee case.
She them ins are al already grew in the house.
Now do you wanna play then you can go downstairs.
Yeah cause when them big drums came.
One two three four five.
Well it has to be a cowboy.
Watcha what do you wanna do.
Whatcha what do you wanna want to play now.
Would you bring a lot of things.
That's a wee egg of dinosaurs.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
Do you wanna try some.
Somebody threw him in the i in the desert then he put his.
Do you wanna want to play with these.
Now say how many black cars is there.
He runs away on me and he takes stuff off me.
That is frosty the snowman.
Do you know where the traffic lights are.
Do you know who's his name is.
Yeah and i was sleeping and you were sleeping beside me but i didn't know.
It's can i've taken away.
He doesn't eat girl wee girls.
And and he brought all these shoulder soldier things.
Oh see oh see oh.
And and i was been a power ranger.
Then i and i was standing and my mums and peter was pushing me around and.
A hour a horrible one.
And this thing that's under me.
That fly that was coming near me.
Yeah yeah i if he is the bigger one jumped up on the other i would that uh make.
The one about the shark.
Feel how how soft he is.
It's only my wee finger.
They haven't any jurassic park.
He hit him the then he was knocked out.
Then he slides in down there and.
But they like them too.
Um i or no toys.
Well what color is it.
For the for the one to go up to um the one to fall downhill and get wee thomas.
He he's can i eat your egg.
And he's and he's not he.
He doesn't he said he wanted a wee bone for himself himself.
He likes me stroking his his tongue.
Whatcha what do you call them.
Cause we were playing water fights out there.
It isn't called monster in my pocket.
Well did you not he has in it one of him.
Wee alligators have wee ones of them.
Now one jumped up in the and one was head his head a he was trying to get up.
All the wee dinosaurs in that's the way it goes.
And she got him a by hi um leg.
Yes tn no we're not doing any more.
And he goes in too.
Well its well in here.
Wanna see the other one.
My head and will bite my head off.
Now lemme see the wee ducks in there.
He plays tricks on you.
Cause cause cause she didn't get any of that.
Just he's on his belly.
And the robots come to.
Only only these two like them.
This this and the and these are out of max that's.
Could you not do that.
Cause they're all up again.
Giraffe's a has the sc giraffes ha the giraffe has to be scared.
Do you want to hear his noise.
I asked my mummies could i go out.
My mummies and my daddy is at home.
Stinky windy stink stinky stink stink.
Monkey has hurt his head.
Well she has these many too.
Look look what i've got.
They want to eat them.
Well he he causes he got of them.
Mum do you know what is a baby.
Cause she's she's not power rangers.
Why do you think he's happy.
No no we have to keep them like that.
He thinks the door's open.
Sharks have big his big.
But but his horn is broken.
A big cage like this house.
Then then then climb over him.
You play snap with them.
Can't get over it can't get under it can't get over it can't get under it.
The bat flew him away.
He likes horns of a rhinos.
So they can't go out.
Color of th the color of tyrant.
Stand back it's a big.
He locked me in the room.
So i can see jumanji.
Then then do you know what happened.
And get and get baddies were gonna going to get eaten by that dragon.
Wh why do you think he's all happy.
The mummies had to sit.
There was a kitchen and play dough and paints.
Just food and look there's the doggies wanting some.
Buildings and trees and look the baby's running away.
Would you read that for me.
Mummie i want to read my story.
Now that's a hard word.
Yes two boxes of sand.
Yes my mummies is too busy tidying up.
And the wee girl had to stand up.
Isn't it a for cat.
Would you read this one.
And i don't know about it.
I know there's a mummies in that one.
Would you read this one would you read it for me.
Yes cause my mummies is too busy tidying up.
There was no story there was a kitchen and play dough and paints.
The mummies had to sit and the wee girl had to stand up.
Would you read it for me.
Will you look at them now.
Will you read this now.
There's that one and that one and that one.
And there's the sister putting the pram up.
Yeah i have this one too.
And there's the sister putting the pram up and there's the doggies.
Do you think they're taking the doggies out.
For the wee lion there'd be room.
No i'm taking them off.
No but i don't catch them.
No just i've got a wee nurse outfit.
Well it doesn't fit on there it's too small.
Because he was a bit funny.
Why didn't you bring them in the bag or something or.
See now this giraffe can't get out.
That's for looking in your ear.
When you're a big four.
Yeah and there was a big there was a wee mother in it.
Oh where was it here it is.
And where's this bit go.
Have you got a radio with it.
No they do it came from the zoo.
A round circle there's all the bubbles tickled you.
No i don't know i don't know what they all are.
Yes it's the wrong one.
This is for your ears and see if your you can feel your heart.
He doesn't want you to put them in.
They play with um they play with they play with bikes.
This is for your ears.
Let's find the car let's find the car there's it.
He's hitting it with his sh slipper.
See it's not in right.
It goes right up there and right to there and out in their mouth.
I'm going to play this again.
The man won't let them in.
Did you do the ethan.
Sometimes they get the prams and sometimes they get the bikes.
He was saying rock a bye baby.
Off or something i need where's this thing oh i know.
Where is it where is it where is it.
Well where you have to make.
Does this fit in there.
Where is number one where is it where is it.
It must be its number two three.
You're going to be the doctor.
No ethan i'm putting these all back in.
Well this is very hard to get opened.
Yeh it was and he called me banana ears.
I need a big big space.
There was a punch and judy in the living room.
Well i can't see it.
This the this is for this is or something.
Now this giraffe couldn't get out and this horse could get in oh he could see now this giraffe can't get out.
Well there's a big giraffe big horses.
This will i'm going to close it up.
No mr punch was in the frying pan and the crocodile got hit him where did croce and everybody shouted crocodile eat it the sausages.
No it's in the cartel corner.
That's barbie on her horse.
No they have to get their dinner.
Does it say i could do be better soon.
Yeah but there's where's all the.
That goes round your you see.
Yep i have to get a new one.
And there's and there's and there's play.
Cause they're there but they don't there's a there's then there are brickies and all.
You don't put that in there.
No they want to be inside.
Eat the sausages got the sausages and mr bobby.
They played hide and seek.
All the toys is back in.
There's a wee kitchen and all two dollies and two prams.
They were here in a minute ago.
Yes she's got a wee racing car.
Can you oh here's one.
It is his nose let's see.
Well that's a wee giraffe where's the big giraffe.
He closed the sand on me.
No he just do's does it all by himself.
Well he did he hit him with it.
No you get your dinner there just.
You have to keep everything.
Well that's a wee giraffe.
Just give him some pills.
The mother went to do shopping.
And where and there was a two punches.
They can't get out there.
There's all the bubbles tickled you.
Is this a coloring in book.
Yeh and there was a big there was a wee mother in it.
It doesn't fit in there.
No she hasn't got no ponytails.
Yeah he's going to catch it.
What's this here on him.
Yes but my mum buys them in the shop.
No we're just getting our snacks.
Ye no i haven't got.
You have to be in a big space.
No for there's not such room for the big lion for the wee lion there'd be room they he's a big bully too.
She had ge some more sausages because the crocodile had et ate them all.
That goes round and round you see.
No i don't think so.
No he's a bad boy.
Because i need all the animals.
Got the sausages and mister bobby.
It was somewhere nice to swim.
Got her that's number four what number is that.
Oh is it a sticker book.
No ethan keep it he closed the sand on me.
There's one buggy and there's there're just prams and there's one buggy.
Well who needs the umbrella.
Is this too heavy for you to carry is it.
There's no pills in this.
Yep a lot of flies.
You only had you had two of these.
It was somewhere nice to swim and that was and there was.
Look what i got for my this is for.
Well that's all i have to give him.
Wh we have you got something else to.
You have to find stairs.
Oh i have to close this up.
And there's there're just prams.
What's this where'd this come from.
And the water pulled me down and when i the bubbles.
She had ge some more sausages.
Should do my sticker book.
It's not on this page nowhere.
And the water pulled me down.
He oh there he is.
Because the crocodile had eaten them all.
Well it doesn't fit on there.
Oh i have to close this up i need everything in it.
I saw it and i was scared in it.
The ear is not on this side.
They're gonna come out this bit.
Yeah but there's where's all the but they're go gonna going to come out they're gonna going to come out this bit.
It's only there was a wee baby one and a big one.
There's a washing machine there a wee sink to wash all the dishes in.
Oh i have still should do my sticker book.
He he hit him with it.
No they don't play with prams.
And where's all the animals get.
We had another one but of these before we did.
Yeah here is this is for my birthday.
Because daddy needs to go into work.
He's a big bully too.
They only had two things left.
And see if your you can feel your heart.
This won't fit in what's your name.
And he called me banana ears.
It's a bit they keep falling off.
Because he's he wants to catch the fly.
No i need this for this.
Can't find it can't find it.
She needs the pram for the baby.
His feet he's being scratched.
Where'd that silly thing go.
We were in the shopping center and we got it.
He's only scratch mad you know.
And there's no big room for him.
Yes it's the wrong one it must be.
This is my this is my brother.
That's gone in see he's to he doesn't want you to put them in.
You have to get a chicken in there.
And sometimes they get the bikes.
He's with his hat on him.
Yeah put all of them.
Here's a man let's see here's a man.
Can you find the stairs.
And he was in bed and sleeping with his jimmies on pocahontas.
The mother went to do shopping they only had two things left.
No all the girls and boys had to shout.
Well my mum there's the fly.
She dead them with the paper.
Yes get milk and biscuit and all.
No are you being the mummies.
And it went on the stones.
You're the doctor and you have to put these black glasses on do they fit you.
What's her name o u.
Well there's a big giraffe big horses they can't get out there where will this big horse.
Where's his nose that's it.
What did you hit it on.
Yeah going put it on.
Now this giraffe couldn't get out and this horse could get in.
Where's all the normal animals.
No the big elephants say.
It came from the zoo.
Yeah it has a friend.
When you're a big big four.
And it went on the stones that's it there that's the window.
Where will this big horse.
And that was and there was.
You got a sore finger.
What's her name c o u.
Cause his feet he's being scratched.
And i it go with it.
He must be strayed away from the brothers and there's no big room for him.
These what's here's two horses.
You do it very easy.
This is for your arm.
Let's see here's a man.
Yes with their big trunk.
This won't stay in right.
No the big elephants say let me in let me in.
Yes an injection it's got a sore neck.
That's not that's a girl.
Is this the way you put it on.
No i got hurt my finger.
He must be strayed away from the brothers.
Yeah but you had two of the.
It's my mum puts in.
And you have to put these black glasses on.
You've lost it we had another one but of these before we did.
Yes a wee hat you know.
And i was scared in it.
Yeah but it's a bit smaller than.
Going to the doctor again getting a big booster injection.
No no i'm not going to give you an injection.
I'll try to put the glasses on.
No what he oh there he is.
It's got a sore neck.
I'm going to be i'm go i want to put all these back in cause i'm going to play this again.
No they don't play with prams they play with um they play with they play with bikes.
But they're go gonna come out.
They played hide and seek and where and there was a two punches and he was in bed and sleeping with his jimmies on pocahontas.
This is for your leg to hit.
But where the glasses go.
No for there's not such room for the big lion.
This him this is must be him in the.
Sometimes they get the prams.
It's got a wee elephant.
And and the crocodile got hit him.
But this won't fit in there.
And that goes this way.
But they don't there's a there's then there are brickies and all.
Does it put that one with.
That goes into there and that goes this way.
That's a man that's a man that's a man.
Is it c o u.
All the toys is back in but where the glasses go they were here in a minute ago.
Yeah but you had two of the only had you had two of these.
We were in the shopping center.
I have to give you this the this is for this is or something.
No just i've got a wee nurse outfit and i it go with it.
Where this one where was this one hide.
Does it fit in this way.
No mister punch was in the frying pan.
Is your boys still in nursery still.
And when i the bubbles.