I did it in the play center.
No yeah do you know what he had.
There was all different things.
And there's lots of cars.
No you go down that wee lane.
There was all these different things.
No yeah do you know what he had one hadn't got any apples holding on his hand.
No my mum i didn't go on that one cause see wasn't the age high near the see.
It was paints jigsaw pictures you can make scissors you can cut out there was all different things.
Don't know i don't know.
One hadn't got any apples holding on his hand.
With a big gun i cut it.
No like three no want the lots lots.
I playing in the sand.
Yeah and the lady said i can make some cakes.
Dangerous but when it talks to you one lets it tickles you and all the body was coming out of the wet.
Do people know about it.
Dangerous but when it talks to you one lets.
You knew the step down there.
It was me picture of me.
Um um you can wash your hands in them when the girls need them.
There's all that paper round them.
And in that one it talks to you.
And all the body was coming out of the wet.
Wood and a dead in the wind.
No you go down no you go down that wee lane you go up this big street and there's lots of cars you have to go in cause there's a door still open.
Eh it's match the hat with it.
Cause there's all that paper round them.
You have to go in there's a door still open.
I saw its wee legs kicking and its arms kicking.
But it's all you have the toys in it.
Yeah mashed potato and peas.
Got a photograph of it.
Peas yeah i do eat peas.
It matches the hat with it.
No i like tomato soap soup.
It's down the step you knew the step down there.
See wasn't the age high near the see.
You have to put your glue.
Em em you can wash your hands in them when the girls need them.
Play center you play in but it's all you have the toys in it.
Did do it did i can't remember all it did.
Scissors you can cut out.
Yeah i had nothing on my pasta.
Play center you play in.
Just i just done just put it on and i put some glue.
Lots and lots and lots.
You go up this big street.
I like playing with the water.
Eh one there wasn't any boys or girls.
I can't remember all it did.
They're his he sleeps with his.
Could i sing to the song.
So i have to dusty it.
My daddy says my know what my daddy says to my bike.
Some of them are coming in the lions house.
Somebody bought that for me.
You're you're you're lying down on your bed.
You help me put it back in.
O i need you all come and play a game.
They're going into the sea.
Try to put some more on this is a is a.
Is it running uh hurrying up.
Have to do a pee.
Because i never seen when i was up at the house.
And where's all the baby cubs.
And we played outside too.
And i tied it up.
Didn't i should washed them.
And that goes in there.
Missus tremble you put that it with me there.
One two three four five six seven.
We'll put them like that.
Put that there in case there're shooters.
His sore arm and his ear and his ear and.
No just climb up says mummies.
Right i'll help um how do you get it fixed.
Good i've got a sword like that.
And i'm not their friends.
He was dropping off the.
Yeah maybe he'll come back.
Uh maybe it's a big.
And that one there they're all the ones who are in school.
All the animals are in their bed and all the trains are in their bed are in their bed everybody's in bed cause it's night time.
No we were playing power rangers.
Um we um missus tremble's we um see all in missus tremble's room.
Who's going to line up for it.
They be we be goodies in there an and see missus room.
You have to sit there and watch it.
Him and him and him.
He's a wee he's a wee.
The rest of them are all animals.
And i was the red power ranger.
At's that's a big wheel its eats somebody.
My mummy went to the shops.
And then he does did did this and then this.
Uh there's a one best.
Once upon a time there was a once upon a time there was a wee boy called stuart and he had a pirate bike and two goldfish and and a and two or two trees and then he played with his mummies's.
A wee boy we power rangers in school and we played outside too.
Have you got any more bags.
You sit down on my bed.
They're splashing as the train splashed them in the water.
He said hello little pet.
Yep i had a party of granny black's.
A wee bit just a wee bit.
Don't give that to adam this is mine.
The turtles do that too.
That's ripped look it put that on.
That's not the sound a rooster makes.
They all live in the lion king.
He was laughing every day as the party was starting.
Now you have to put swinging cause all the animals are in asleep.
This is a brilliant one.
My lace is getting out.
And you see every thing i built.
The woman has to come and pay.
And he brought see that red.
Well right when i get.
That's that i have to have that wee sword and that sword.
He doesn't come down anymore.
Now you have to put swinging.
Will you put the stickers on it.
That's harold that's harold i don't know his name.
Sorry sorry have to be and now push.
You just do the clock first and do the world.
Please please i'll stay here.
Ah want some in that.
An a th and they live in the lion king.
Busy doing jigsaws i was busy in school.
That's you that's you that's me must be.
And then i'll help you.
And then um and then we it's.
Where this goes here down there.
Uh he's working in a new job in the park.
A house like you did.
They're taking all their toys to play outside.
Go whee and fell down on the floor and i tied it up.
Some of them came to their house and they're crying.
Okay i'll get another present it's its its no there's no paper on it look at it.
Can't find i can't find.
You just do the clock now you have to you have to do the clock a clock now.
Look what i found a.
That's this tiger would go like this o.
This is my favorite balloon.
Are you going to make it.
And i have a monster and you have a monster and i have a monster whee you are a monster in the sky he's you stop.
What many are they what many are they.
Will you will you help me.
It was and then he put that.
Put them in the shed put them in the shed.
That's the doctor and a get the stretcher okay get the stretcher.
Open the door for me.
There was two cheese and onion they're like brown and round.
Agh he's ah warm in there.
Plenty of bikes two plenty of bikes i'm getting.
Um um you have to help me i don't know what way it goes.
No don't wreck it throws it there and now you wrecked it.
You see my remote control.
No they were all coming.
Look will you will you help me put them on.
A lovely jigsaw and kinder eggs.
When you cross the road that's broach's house.
That's why i need it.
When like when spooky comes then i watch it.
Go away go away you.
Will you put them there.
You're hair's all dusty so i have to dusty it.
I when i see one in my garden i took his teeth off.
Where'd you put this train.
He takes me to he takes me to.
Good i've got a sword like that and i can fly watch look at me you keep that that thingummy for me.
Yeah did you make that.
They're bad ones and they can kill you.
An an and i took his teeth in th the muck.
Go whee and fell down on the floor.
They're captains and captain hook is already in where's he captain hook.
And that goes in there and that goes in there.
No i'll sleep in the'll sleep in the bottom.
Pretend pretend this was a garage.
Could i have a banana please captain hook.
Take the ambulance off are you not eating it ah want some in that.
Six you pay for them please.
And that's a mummy one.
Okay i will tell you.
And john i'll play it key.
You like to have you're shopping back.
He's looking out he's looking out.
And i do it a lot.
We play in the house.
We could put all of them on and make ready.
There was two cheese and onion.
This is some lego there.
Well i've got a big one the same as yours.
Let's make it up again.
Well you um get big the big monster and then he'll kill him.
Came up there he came up he came up they're they're going in the lions house ha.
And you see everything i built.
You know where the party was.
There was no room for him he wanted to stay here.
Will we play with that.
Will i put it all back in.
That can i borrow your wee bag.
My mummies likes this and this and that and that and that and that and them have you got any more bags.
Once upon a time there was a.
Put that there in case there're shooters there's a.
We we swing and hit and hit the big monsters.
Good captain are they your fish.
They're all back to zoo.
Are you playing in the shop.
No but i was a wee baby.
I've got three gi three boys and three girls.
And i'll bring some toys.
He's looking out hahn he bites me up there.
A driver need a stretcher.
Put them on your shelf.
This is all this is the.
That can i borrow your wee bag i need some i need use two of these i'm a shopper you tell me if you see a shopper with shopper and sharing some of your things and you say please can you sell some of these.
Can i use your door please can i use your door.
Help me help me help me will you help me okay i've crayons i with lauren.
You have to you have to do the clock a clock now.
Whee ah boom put it um all the animals put all the animals on and then they'll crash.
Mummie will you please be the dinosaur.
In the in the wee trucks.
There are wee spiders on it too.
You stop at red don't you.
Don't give that to adam.
You sit down on my bed and i'll bring the dalmatian out.
And this is one of them here.
The the power rangers do.
They don't come out you have to put them back in.
This tiger would go like this.
That will be brilliant fun.
He jumps up in the air.
Bus is a long time.
Well the other one fits.
You put it in there missus tremble.
Some a wee boy took the wee car off me.
And then i want to go to my mummies.
Who who et ate them.
And them they'll splash down.
And they're all wee cubs.
Uh um big the big giant's things the big giant ones.
The wee boy took the wee car.
You play with yourself and i and i'll watch you what's that say.
Agh hahn two monkeys three monkeys of they're making a juggle.
He's a wee he's a wee he can go home i've no room for him cause my.
He's going to eat you too.
And he and he climbs down them and then help people.
Want to do this pet world.
Well that's one mrs room.
Splash ha splash well i'm gonna.
What's what else is in there.
They stay in the shed.
Well let's take it up here.
And i sit down in the chair with mummies and daddy.
That's the night time part.
He's watching the water and all the daddies.
And then we put oh.
No he's he's scared too.
Spookies come out and scare everybody.
Oh there what's he going to go on the picnic.
No they have no names they're just trees.
He put his tongue out.
Oh oh dear i okay i have that sword now i have that sword.
He won't he'll be sad.
Did daddy tape it for you.
Did i hook your thing now.
No it's not twenty five minutes that's all i myself here.
Ah a wee bit in the shed.
That's bird there that's bird.
Pretend i'm peter pan i'm peter pan.
What did you do when i was sleeping.
I'm peter pan i've got three gi three boys and three girls.
Um another wee chew put that one on my train and then put that one like that.
Coffee my daddy makes it.
And i've got another cousin.
You do it both you go now.
Um um you have to help me.
Aha ha you make a new one.
Yeah and and a swimming thing.
Is there a power ranger.
He's getting his coffee and everyone's in.
Oh oh oh there he is.
And there's a wee baby cub.
Um you have to get this one on.
All my friends were beside me.
Two at the two at the front and two at the back.
And close his windows close his windows and get him round here and get some and then close his um windows down.
Um and where does the shed go.
He's staying in the water he's splashing in the water.
Yip it is a wee home for them.
Who's gonna go with you.
And he had this sort of one this sort of thing this sort of box.
Cause he picked all the things up for everybody.
We got our new bed today didn't we.
And then it comes out.
Well can i put it on.
Why does those not attach on.
Let's do that that side.
Will you fix it all up again.
No i can't do it.
That's me sitting on the cushion.
He bangs everybody bad boys.
There's no paper on it.
Where did i find that.
Some day it's sunny day.
It does you want it does you want a wee drink do you yeah get a drink.
And i'm getting another one big bike will you help me.
That's all i myself here.
And he had a pirate bike and two goldfish and a and two or two trees.
And hi he moves over stay there con come on.
You climb up with those ladders.
Jim told my mummies answer the phone cause i was on the phone.
Yeah and i and i brought some two boys and one girl.
Will you find it for me.
Try to put some more on.
Yeah i put my armbands on.
Do you want a wee drink.
Please mum please can you make my house you make my house.
Oh a red were to come where's he gonna going to stay con come on the red guy this guy come now.
Yeah just got that somebody bought that for me.
Haha he bites me up there.
And lindsay was a soldier and nicole and.
Um um it goes in.
Them all off this is some lego there.
It's a big farm one is it.
When when is mummy gonna be back.
Well that's one missus room.
Because he wants his mummies and his daddy.
Tell me all about this one.
A big like my daddies.
And you be the dinosaur.
Yeah yeah now let's see that's the night time part that must go on here does it.
A sword like that too.
Or who told you a story.
What what you what here's that's a bag of people.
My daddy says to my bike is.
We were our earlier and they haven't no bikes.
That's me that's me captain hook.
Take all this lego up.
That's that's for over there.
You look at where i.
Waa put all that put them o them all in.
Yup that's a zoo back to zoo.
Now the now the have that one here and put that one there and hi he moves over stay there con come on.
He has to it back here.
There's another one of them and another one of them and another one of them.
Um working to build the houses up.
Right i'm going to help you.
Give me all the greens please.
Lindsay was playing and playing.
Okay i can do that wait now till you see there nice and safe and sound safe and sound.
There's too many boys though.
No because somebody helps them.
The girls at nursery play with dollies at nursery.
It was a long time.
Um i want to be the fire brigade.
Will we do another one.
In the world i've got a sword cut cut there.
And i have to uh do all my homework today.
You keep that that thingummy for me.
Wash them every time i'll get you a piece.
This is all the lego.
And i've got a video.
You were pretend you were trying to get all the cars.
He's bringing big pipes and big strong strong things that's all he's bringing.
My mummies likes these okay can i borrow these.
Um um you some day when i get my big pirate bike you come up and see it.
He does webs up in the sky.
Ah they live in the zoo.
The world in this one.
Nuh i it's not delivered.
It's going to be a big pirate one.
Just need the one of them.
That wasn't going like that.
Listen does mrs tell you a story or who told you a story.
Spotted all these animals was.
What else is in there too.
Who's gonna going to go who's gonna go with you.
He fell in the water.
That's from the lion king.
We have to put the pictures up.
Cause mummy says not to mess it.
All of us like it.
A an another wee boy.
One two three four five six seven eight and nine and twelve eleven twelve and fourteen.
And i can in the tent when you when kathryn.
No don't knock it i want it.
There's a tape in there for to see it.
You play with this i'm just wrecking this.
He's lying for a sleep.
They don't want to be hitter hit and killed.
No pretend this is toy day.
Mrs tremble you put that it with me there.
I've got a new pub present for you here.
Saw them in the shop today.
All the animals are in asleep.
And lindsay was a soldier.
So what's in the other bag.
How do you get these i don't know.
They don't stay there they do they stay in there of he's ah warm in there.
Look that thing and it comes out okay.
No i want a wee present now.
And all the jumping up in the air.
He's going to eat you too want me to fight.
No not that way this way.
Get me in the ambulance.
That's why that's why the doctor.
Cmon con and see the lion.
Look at this story see that story right i'll help um how do you get it fixed yeah oh my train is.
It's got a cover on it so it's a table.
He can knock them out.
Spooky you see that's what.
Yeah i was us put i i was us i was us some children.
He came to have a wee there.
Right put it back in.
See he's got a sword.
Put them in the shed.
And get some and then.
You keep it for me.
And john i'll play it okay.
See what number it was.
You put it in there mrs tremble.
We've got two of them.
Yeah i'll bring it over.
And you keep it for me okay.
Are you not using this well let's take it up here take it up carries it.
You you just took them and you just banged them.
Um i've got one of them.
When a train comes where's um my best one zzz splash into the water he came to have a wee a wee there they're in the big chew.
Hurry up mister aha here comes someone here he o.
Push you down there was there's its crashed yeah.
Ah what're you doing that for.
How're the goes to go.
Um um it goes in and then it comes out and then you put it in.
The train's really it's in the.
Is that definitely for me.
Um none two he's two i'm going.
And then he'll kill him.
And i and i'll have i have no carriages.
I make it nice and special like you feeling nice and aren't you happy.
Then they go to space.
Ye ye what's adam's name.
And then they kill them.
Well you um get big the big monster.
Some day its sunny day and we play a coming coming down i come down to your house when i get my bike.
This funny one goes in here.
Yeah i was us put i was us i was us some children.
What's them wee things there where are they.
That's a special it's for in here.
In the world i've got a sword.
Um all sort of things.
Let's do this one first.
Wa into the water water.
And you have one of them you got have you got one of them have you.
Well have you got a big one.
I did a painting at nursery.
Is there any more lions.
Look what many books i brought.
Do you like the lion king.
And and all the lions where's all the lions.
Yeah and and all the power rangers came in with no mummies.
Help me get the stretcher out.
Yep it is a wee home for them.
Blue and red and red and white.
Take it up carries it.
What's what's that animal doing in school.
The tiger's sore i killed that.
Get the wee that wee bit there get the wee bit there.
Can i use your door please.
What else is in there.
That's me sitting on the television.
And i'm the bad people.
That's his eye that's his eye that's his eye.
Och you put i if it does crash put it up there in case it doesn't fall.
That's me that's me sitting on the television that's me sitting on the cushion.
And close his windows close his windows and get him round here.
And me and lindsay does do it.
We put this in people might go for it and.
Feeling nice and aren't you happy.
And there was wee bits you know like that.
How's he going to sit.
He's staying for a wee while.
We have to put them up.
I was busy in school.
No it's not twenty five minutes.
Can't have i haven't got one.
Look what i see a one of them in my garden an've got the lion king video.
Waa put all that put them o them all in cause they're monsters.
Can we do this do you want to do this.
He picked all the things up for everybody.
An an've got the lion king video.
One two three one two three four five.
Splash look they're all splashed in the water.
And we've big new food.
His uh leg is broken.
That's a girl in my school.
Yeah a big one i'm about two boys and a and a girl.
You pushed me into the cushions.
That's a lion king that's lion king.
That's me in the park.
And he swims and swims like him.
The chew going away is there any more lions.
Let's play monsters let's play monsters you have the monster.
He no he's a good horse he can knock them out.
This is the fire brigade and train.
Oh oh i'm afraid salad forgot that.
And there's my friend lara.
Get the hose get the.
That's the doctor and a.
Zzz splash into the water.
You make these and i'll put the top on.
And he saw a two elephants.
See i'm putting them all on.
The turtles do that too the power rangers do.
Well they're big and they kill power rangers.
What you say what you say.
Stop do that mummy the wee thing there.
What about him what about him in through the wind.
Please two of them and two of them and two of them.
He's splashing in the water.
Four ten eleven and fourteen and nine fourteen and nine.
There in the lions house juggle.
Yellow that's the same that you made made.
And as soon as i'll come back oh.
Will we put this away.
Put them over you help me.
I put my stickers on look will you will you help me put them on.
And he plays with me sometimes.
No they have no names.
If you don't hurry up i'll kill you.
Okay i'm going to kill.
This big one killing a big house.
He just said you wanna want a present.
No you look and see.
I think i'll put these back.
Climb like this i'll show you climb climb then you get up and into bed.
You better call the doctor.
Now you try to get back up.
Play will you play tigers.
Cause he has to it back here.
And it's thomas the tank and black on it.
And you watch me playing in there.
He calls and he plays with me sometimes.
I want i can where's rice.
Ring a ring a rosie.
Did you wake me up.
No cause you have to get one on christmas day.
And that and that and that.
How do you get these.
Let's all about the back.
I've got a big heavy of groceries.
What's what's kathryn getting for christmas.
That what the power rangers do.
Look at them what's these what's that one and what's that one.
Some of them are coming in the lion's house.
Well the power rangers kick them.
And you just banged them.
Oh oh it's over there oh.
Would you would you help me get them in.
Right broke it down then.
Granny black and granny kenny.
You and i told you.
That was the end of the story.
Oh i'll take that so you can get some more.
Put my hands in and my hands fell in.
An a there's my friend.
Water splash water they're splashing round as the train splashed them in the water.
Pre i'm the baby one.
The one the ones i had.
And everybody sh there was trying to escape.
Uh maybe it's a big what's this.
When i was getting that big hole digger dug.
And then you put it in.
Nah i it's not delivered.
Oh i'll pick this up first eight.
Missus tremble wait un i go home.
That turns all the cement round.
That one's story is in.
Big swords i've got a big sword like yours.
And you see there's a lot of things and the fairy up on the top.
That nearly go down to the bottom.
Now is this the way this way.
Missus tremble and missus navy and missus green.
And th and there's he going in.
Yeah yeah now let's see.
Green and there's yellow and blue.
There's too many boys though so too many on how do you get all going to be no he stays here.
Telled her wasn't her friend.
Give me all the greens give me all the greens please you give me that i want to color something green.
Pretend this was a garage.
Wah he splashed into the water that one gets splashed into the water after they're or if they're bad.
That's the same that you made made.
Ah a wee bit in the shed cause they're hungry they're cold.
We could fix it together.
Will you help them fit in.
Look at them there diggers.
I'll need some red in a wee minute when i get all these.
He's going to hurt the doctor now.
And they're all going to bed.
He's staying he's staying for a wee while cause he's getting his coffee.
It happens when i'm tired.
There's two of them there's two of them.
Mummy said is you want a man my mummies says that.
Put it a bit higher.
Leave that at the door.
Cmon come on con and see the lion.
That's a soldier and where's his gun.
So what's in that other bag.
My daddy says to my bike is it's a good bike now when i get it.
Let's fix it all back up again.
My mummies likes this and this and that and that and that and that and them.
I've got a big heavy of groceries here that's your groceries.
Agh and a robber robber.
And where are we gonna go.
I sleep in the top.
I did in school was.
People might go for it and.
It's got frostier in it.
I've got one in up in my bed and it's thomas the tank and black on it.
Look what many books i brought i'm taking off another one.
Whee you are a monster in the sky.
The li lights are gonna go on then they'll see.
Oh he squeezed in oh oh there he is.
There was no room for him.
Yep and a cake and milk i drink milk at school.
And you be the teacher missus tremble.
And you have a monster.
Said it was big lion was coming.
They're all the ones who are in school.
What's blue what's a blue.
Do you want to do this.
See i'm putting them all on that's yellow oh.
You did where are they.
And i'll come i'll come back.
Mrs tremble and mrs navy and mrs green.
I kill him like this was.
It's all about lion king.
Will you put that on.
Go and get me a drink first.
Yup are they all monster.
It was two will play at the back and two.
Oh i won't tell you.
And i didn't bring adam one.
Haha every day and i have to uh do all my homework today.
Come on and see it.
There's some sweeties in here too.
Where where's me is that me.
They're funny some of them.
And that's from the lion king.
And this and that and that.
They're watching the's watching the water and all the daddies.
Look what i see a one of them in my garden.
That's a what did you do when i was sleeping do that did you do that.
Here's that's a bag of people.
We have to put everything up.
Water all the lions go in the wei on there and watching.
And the by an and the hyenas.
There a're all in the sea they're going into the sea.
I hide from you and your dad and i and we were secreting in the tent.
What he wants that one.
Get the wee bit there.
You've got them there what color's that for.
He knocked it down look.
Um you call the fire brigade.
Come come and play a game.
That's what i do every day.
And captain hook is already in.
And i and i'll have i have no carriages will you get me this carriages.
I fell off a ladders.
You have to push it off the back.
You make my house right and.
And then he played with his mummies's.
Look at that a wee spider there.
This is a is a.
Sss there done it's done.
Yes i go bang bang.
This has one like that.
They're in the big chew.
That one gets splashed into the water after they're.
Will you show me some.
Oh there there what's he going to go on the picnic how're the goes to go sit here how's he going to sit.
Okay i'll get another present.
Yeah and then when we.
I took his teeth off.
The river's in the zoo bye.
Put them on here in case they get knocked down.
Got them all got them all.
I'll have a go in my i'll let her have a go in my bed.
And now you wrecked it.
That must go on here does it.
And you be the teacher mrs tremble.
Oh you will you look all over for me.
My daddy has a red van.
He bit my arm doctor.
It's there's there's a fire.
Can i have some more.
Pretend there's a drink in here.
He's staying in the water.
Read read that piece here.
Okay i can do that.
Has he any money lions.
Because i was a good boy.
Is that recording what's that is that on.
Nearly finished only two more things to do.
This is the of it.
They have to get the dinosaur like that.
That's a slide that's that's for over there.
There's wee there's wee ask what sent whey.
You tell me if you see a shopper with shopper and sharing some of your things.
And you have one of them.
There's a mummies one a mummies one.
And and joey and brian.
Uh uh all the carriages.
And all the trains are in their bed are in their bed.
Another funny comes on then i watch it.
In school we have the puzzles.
No you're the lazy bones.
Get the wee that wee bit there.
You're watching house lie you're you're lying your you're you're lying down on your bed and he's lying on the top of you there.
Okay okay captain hook i kill captain hooks.
A telephone and a radio.
Will you stick this on.
And then put that one like that.
You were pretend you were trying to get all the cars and big lion's coming.
You make it ready while i have uh a wee pop.
You can go up to my bedroom.
Keep them for another night keep them.
Ti like to get something to eat and he left it he left them cars outside.
Does missus tell you a story.
It's that's the big line goes up there.
Well you bring in more than.
That's my bag at the.
All the animals are in the jungle.
He wanted to stay here.
An a that's my friend with brian.
Put it um all the animals put all the animals on.
Ding ding ding see no.
Ow it's his leg's broken his arm's broken his head's broken his body hurt.
Splash oh no it's so cold in the water.
They're playing ring a ring of rosie.
Didn't go in an in an airplane.
You better open the door.
Is she i was who's that peter pan.
Please can you make my house.
No when it's christmas day i'll open it.
He's uh i'm i'm going i'm going this way crash.
Then we're to this was a garage pretend this was a garage pretend this was a garage.
There there i'm trying to put this on.
No not that he come these were coming here's here's my see that there's my this one.
You could i could get in you could get in.
Yeah he wings and feet look.
Cause he goes up to christopher house.
You just do the clock now.
I've got broach and claire and angeline.
It's got pirates on it.
That was the end of the story but i can't could i sing to the song.
That's all about the power rangers.
That key's been see he swings on it swings in it.
And then we play power rangers.
All the animals are in their bed.
You buy you buy them for me.
Bong hit him on the head going.
A he's coming a work.
Doesn't mean it's a snow white.
Give me all the greens.
He fell down the fell down.
I've already given it to you.
Ahhah ha you make a new one.
Here i am here i am.
Um um there's people waiting.
Yeah cause he wings and feet look.
He jumps up in the air and all the jumping up in the air.
In the water and they get wet.
The that's off the pipe.
No you put it on here.
Can i use your door.
Here we're making a building site aren't we.
Bring it all out right.
Look at all the wee bits.
He saw he saw a two elephants.
In the in the wee trucks put it like that.
It's about a penguin and he swims and swims like him.
That's a lion the doctor's to be on.
You you get all the out of it.
Let's see it i found it.
This is a big jumpy going.
Bring it all out bring it all out right.
Well they're having a wee sleep.
I've got broach and claire and angeline that's my friends.
This is a brilliant one we could put all of them on and make em them ready you make it ready while i have uh a wee pop.
Their food will you help them fit in.
You can go up to my bed and then we'll play.
How how do you fix this.
Let's do the pillows now.
Yeah what's that one in front of your bag.
See he swings on it swings in it.
Can i keep it all day.
Oink oink and a sheep.
Two will play at the back and two.
What yeah and then when we.
Uh she said oh dear.
No because somebody helps them that's why that's why the doctor.
That's fat controller and we need him on there.
I'm just saying bum head.
They're all they're all messing.
Will will you put them on for me.
Come on and finish this jigsaw.
Why have you got that.
Well right when i get i'll go in there and you watch me playing in there.
My daddy to go out.
And i've got a noddy one.
This one's for a girl.
Played and played and played and.
That's a girl in my school who's my friend.
Yeah i'm coming some day.
Here's a truck he got me this.
Ti like to get something to eat.
Yep and a cake and milk.
One two three four five six.
And put it in my tent.
He brings lots of lego to me.
He had to keep it in his game.
What're you doing will we play with that.
Yeah oh my train is.
A tower block with a pig on it.
Well that's stewed bugs and onions.
There's some paper on it.
Are you not using this.
And and your dad and i and we were secreting in the tent.
Yeah and there was a birthday cake.
And i and i'll watch you.
Will we play the game again.
When i all these yellow ones.
How do you get all going to be.
Okay his head is broken.
I'm just saying when daddy comes back i'll just say bum head.
And then you get them dry.
I'll put it on i've got a with me and i'll again i've got a hook with me when i i want to okay.
I'm i'm trying to get over there trying to get over there trying to get over there trying to get over here.
They help their selves themselves.
I don't think i know anybody else there's my friend.
I'm going to show house i'm going to show house.
No i'm packing up oh who done that.
Why did you do that silly dinosaur.
And a big heavy poo was in.
Okay when i get them all tidied up okay.
Yup that's a zoo back to zoo they're all back to zoo cause the river's in the zoo bye.
Where's um my best one.
Then i told jim the same i have.
Now you don't do it anymore.
That's a book and it's mine and you keep it for me okay.
Juggling up in up on up in the sky.
Please can you sell some of these.
Once upon a time there was a wee boy called stuart.
They're goodies they're they're all goodies.
Will we do that one.
And they haven't no bikes.
Oh oh dear i okay i have that sword now.
And then the chew train.
See he's got a sword that's who it is that's who that's him all safe.
I don't want to give it to mummies.
Yeah and and all the power rangers came in with no mummies and i was the red power ranger.
Oh i've got i've got videos of it.
He's going to crack that what.
No it's not no it's not no it's not.
It's in the dining room.
Jim told my mummies answer the phone.
The li lights are gonna go on.
Uh you help me do it.
He goes in the shed and his friend.
Now the now the have that one here and put that one there.
He's bringing big pipes and big strong strong things.
Mrs tremble wait till i go home.
This is the same way what.
Yeah it's not my it's my bed.
And then he did this.
Her can sit there and he can sit along beside him his pirate isn't it.
The one the cars are sitting on.
That's my that's my friend.
Could do fix it together fixes it together fixes it together.
They don't want to be hitter hit and killed that's what they do.
I've got some sweeties made this morning i'll make a big big cracker.
You have to put them back in.
That's not a dinosaur that's from the lion king and that's from the lion king.
What about this one tell me all about this one.
Get her a wee tiny bike.
Are you not eating it.
Mummie and daddy's at work.
All my friends are there.
When i was a wee baby i broke it.
The big elephant got it there.
It was inside the house.
You push it won't go.
And i'll put the top on.
If i turn into red in missus room yellows turn into red and everybody turns into red.
Wa into the water water they're in the water.
Uh um big the big giant's things.
And then all the rescue'll come.
There there nice and safe and sound safe and sound.
You build a house for me.
He brought me a lot of things.
Cause the rest of them are animals.
They're they're going in the lion's house ha.
Yeah i like two beds in it one on top and one in the bottom.
And all the power rangers do that.
You pretend you're captain hook.
Okay can i borrow these.
Yeah all eating the and the big.
Played and played and played and played every day.
You make my home will you gimme give me that.
Take all them noodles out.
You should sleep on the bottom.
Where's all the mummies and where's all the baby cubs where's all the daddies and all the lions where's all the lions there they are.
You get you get that one on christmas day.
I'm going to show house.
The horse is lying for a see.
Was ten was peter was.
Big their heads there get all the trains out.
This is a thing to screw them all off.
Yellow i'll need some red in a wee minute when i get all these when i all these yellow ones me all different colors look at there yellow.
Can i put that on.
It's not time for my bath.
That's not is that not right is that right now is this the way this way.
Um we all turn into red.
Is going its cold warm and cold of.
Right broke it down then and then all the rescue'll come.
In case they get cold again.
The doctor's to be on.
Ha he's a big one.
Then you get up and into bed.
You should sleep on the bottom i sleep in the top.
That's some that's some lego here here.
No they fly like this eu.
Well i have got well i have got the red power ranger an and the green power ranger.
Wah he splashed into the water.
How's he going to sit how's he going to sit.
You go up first you know where the party was.
Yeah it's a pirate one.
I saw all them i seen that one.
Uh um there's thank you train.
No you have to get one on christmas day.
No who's how's how's he going to stop.
You know what i do with.
I need some i need use two of these.
And i have a monster.
Um how's it going away up there and down there and in there.
Drawers don't lock uh um there's thank you train there're the keys.
And then he put that.
He played with the lego.
That's to go in the back.
And and they th um go round.
One two three for five.
I can find a book.
You got have you got one of them have you.
Okay i'll sell some and then you can rest yourself.
You take the mouse one.
And i've got the yellow power ranger the blue power ranger an and the yellow power ranger and the black power ranger.
They stay in the cage.
Uh maybe later o we'll do it.
There's the tractor at the front.
And then he say i'll put a video called on tel.
You you just took them.
The horse is lying for a see he's lying for a sleep.
That's you put it in there.
Will you get me this carriages.
Get more dinosaurs put them all um put them all in the river and them they'll splash down.
In there the rest of them are all animals i'll open the drawer.
Put them all um put them all in the river.
Big one it's a big one.
This is christmas day too.
He lives up the street there.
And i do her jigsaws.
Th th they're only big strong.
Come on you be the dinosaur.
And this is a box.
Um another wee chew put that one on my train.
Okay i'll be back humor okay.
Was i it was bang down.
He fell down in the bag.
Och where is the of hahn two monkeys three monkeys of they're making a juggle.
You go and get it.
Okay i'll just go put them in.
In school we have the puzzles pocahontas is on one.
I got that because i was a good boy.
Try and put this on come and say.
That's a picture of snow white.
Will we do another one now.
They're like brown and round.
And he's lying on the top of you there.
And i'll bring the dalmatian out.
He left them cars outside.
Lots of sweeties where did i put them.
Oh a red were to come.
That goes on to there.
A wee boy we power rangers in school.
Putting the wee boys in.
You can come with me.
What's them wee things there.
And i'm getting another one big bike.
Know what he knows what he said.
You have to put the windows up.
Once upon a time a wee girl called um.
See if that's it now.
And then they come to us.
I when i don't like them anymore i throw them in the muck like there.
That's my house can i have some more.
Okay his head is broken his arm is broken his belly is broken his uh leg is broken his sore arm and his ear and his ear and.
Yeah what you put in that.
Okay not too much just a wee bit okay.
They're all daddy ones and the mummies.
I've got one in up in my bedroom.
Do you want me to dance.
Look there's wee spiders in that.
Favorite favorite there's a train on it.
He no he's a good horse.
Not laughing the laughing at that.
It it's a good bike now when i get it.
They've got a liar ladder too.
He put on a big thing on him a.
I did it i done it i know i done it.
Um we um mrs tremble's we um see all in in mrs tremble's room they be we be goodies in there an and see mrs room th they be red and we be yellow.
And they can kill you.
There a're all in the sea.
Ah they live in the zoo a th and they live in the lion king they all live in the lion king.
It's a hard one like yours.
You see that's the size.
That one that's too big.
Favorite favorite there's a train on it where'd you put this train.
Don't we stop at red.
Well you bring it down.
Get some groceries for me.
Are you putting them up.
Uh well we were power rangers.
It's got a cover on it.
He goes in the shed and his friend there's another baby cub.
I'll show you look at where i.
Look at it and see what it is.
Who's going to line up for it i can.
And and they th um go round and then they kill them.
Cmon the red guy this guy come now.
What i'm not going to say it.
Once upon a time a wee girl called em go and get me a drink first.
That's me in the park this is it here.
One two three four one two three four five six seven eight nine ten.
It's very hard you have to push it off the back.
Eh played the've got a new friend called lauren.
No cause when it's christmas day i'll open it.
One two three four six.
Where is the wee present.
I'll let her have a go in my bed.
I told my daddy then i told jim the same i have.
And you have that big one.
Mummie i want to play.
Okay just going you keep it for me and as soon as i'll come back oh.
Let's see if we can find a fat controller to put in.
Cause the teachers weren't in.
Well they're big and and they kill power rangers.
What bike did he get for christmas.
Splash oh no it's so cold in the water they're in their bed.
Well i want to go.
He goes up to christopher's house.
So i did in school is.
Close his um windows down.
The rest of them are animals.
She did that and she done that and the teacher.
Now you be the dinosaur.
Oh i'll pick this up first eight oh carry this what.
I've to a sword again a big one here being.
Em biscuit now an apple that's all.
You can lift that one downstairs.
Why do you have lots and i don't.
Yep yeah but i do but i don't know where is it.
Come on and do postman pat.
He left her shoe behind.
So i can't wear it on.
Do you have that one.
There's a lid lost from this here.
That's your dollie you have to take it now.
The wee bobble and i put it in mummy's hair.
He hanged it in a line.
Then it back to my friend.
It would be lovely michelle doesn't eat much at dinner.
They all hide from the boy.
I want you i want you to come may be with me.
No there's no string for it.
Come here to see who's there.
And then lent it to evan now.
I want to go up my bed the bunk beds.
Have to put that in his bedroom.
Will you through that teddy back up again.
He she push me when he hit me on this.
It's it was in his work.
Hit me on the head.
Will you come my birthday.
And there's a big teddy.
Yeah i have amy rachel.
But i'm not putting over me now.
Dress up in a wee dress.
An there's and thing that goes to this necklace.
But i don't know where is it.
I'm coming down as well.
Throw it back up again please.
And the boy plays with him.
I'm gonna going to get you a wee glass o.
Okay do you like peas.
Fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty-one two twenty-three twenty.
You never used them on me when i was sleeping up there so you never.
My friend bought me it.
This makeup covers the mess here.
But it felled fell off now.
Put on your eyes eye.
What is that what is that.
Let's throw it out the window.
Ach oh this should be in my bed there.
All a mess up here.
I don't know how it broke.
He push me when when he hit me on this.
The wee bobble and i put it in mummy's hair and it just snapped.
See a kite and a.
You mind it when it doesn burn.
His bed going to be in here.
Them wee tiny things as well.
Did you get a wee glass o coke.
And jenny kim and debbie and christine.
A wee thing but i have to put all o them in.
In that wee corner there beside my mummies's.
You're not allowed to press them.
Do you want to see.
My mummies bought me that as well.
And you put it in there.
An i want to put makeup on me.
We need a one for this.
And uh when the boy comes up he hides.
A wee bottle of it can he have a wee bottle of it.
Is there a doctor case in that.
He hit me on the head.
Yep yeah but i don't think so.
I saw one of them before but the man that done it.
When you throw this i'll throw this down when i don't want it.
I can see the like this way.
Wait to we see if it sits on its own.
What's that one you want.
An you a you play with this with me.
No we don't know where the other one is.
I like counting and i like hiding.
Is there more in there.
Why did you bring that with you.
Do you know the way.
Santa brought it was up here when daddy lifted it up here.
It was mine when i was a baby.
No he never brought brought me they.
Cause she has some sweets.
Yes no them are all ken loves all the barbies.
He sleeps up the top bed.
That's broke from that thing.
Em i don't like this one cause it's all brown.
I don't like it causes it's all brown.
But i don't know how to use that one.
Why why why is that.
Amy's cheeky he push me.
I don have them cfo but i want them.
Dollies yeah bu why did daddy put this here thing up here.
Well that be coo in five minutes.
I think my mummies tidied this be up.
Butter an wee bit of that as well.
Did you bring your case.
Cause he sleeps up the top bed and i'm sleeping down the bottom bed.
You're supposed to you're supposed to.
Yes i have enough room here in the bed.
Hey diddle the cat and the fiddle the cow jumped over the moon.
This is becky's bottle and i'm going to feed her.
I oh i have to look for the sun nope.
Look at this lovely teddy.
I don have them cfo.
So i just i don't know.
An and one as well.
I i oh i have to look for the sun nope no.
Them wee things go like this.
I'm looking for the snail.
The little dog laughed to see such fun.
There's more on your part.
He tries to get the fishy out of it.
Which way did i put this here.
And we're going to get it changed.
Up here they stay up here.
And you squeeze their tummy and then the water comes out.
And i'm going to feed her.
No socks or no shoes.
And they close the window anyway.
I'm tired after us sitting down.
Yeah i'll put it on.
It was a baby top.
You can climb up my up there.
I had one up may be.
Why can you not play it.
No that's that's not me.
A year ago then she cut it last week.
This dollie's going to have a sore arm.
The babies and the boy.
Them are my ones there.
I don't think this is a lovely because look i don't like this.
I know them ones hey diddle the cat and the fiddle.
And you fill that with water.
Cause i us did it.
She's fifteen minutes older than him.
There's two but i don't know where the other one is.
Dresses and skirts and not trousers.
Em that's that's a bad girl so i don't like her so i just i don't know.
There's a film of it.
You can buy me something as well.
Oh okay and this one.
There's a wee bottle and you fill that with water and you put it in there.
The same as that one.
Ken loves all the barbies.
See when my friend called rachel.
Do you want a hot dog.
Buts but it's not real.
And he put a stain on that on my carpet.
Cause there's and one lost in my jewelry box.
He brought me my duck.
Is there a doctor case in it.
And i've billions of toys in here.
See my friends they annoy me.
Thank you i have this one as well.
But i need to go to the toilet as well.
You never used that one or that one or that one or them ones or that one so you never.
An there's and thing broke broke.
Put it in a wee.
Have to get a new one.
Yeah and evan me and mummy weren't cause it's it was in his work.
Well i take it off.
It's a heavy thing to carry upstairs.
Bu i lost a dollie from it.
Yeah but no i did it in play cause i cut all.
I know bu i lost a dollie from it.
Tablets and there's her bandages.
Are you coming up here.
Yep amy a he hit me on the head.
Santa's going to bring me them.
My nanny bought me that there thing.
Do you know who bought me wee thing.
Cause i don't want it.
Fells fell down when i put her up.
Yeah and evan me and mummy weren't.
Throw that dollie back up again.
Mummie can i have something to eat.
That's a nice lovely teddy.
An a car as well.
Wait to i show you what's inside.
There's and ear i know where this one stay.
His bedroom going to be in here.
No i did it in play.
You can't get this out.
What about the dollies i don't have them dollies ready.
There's evan's have to put that in his bed.
I never cause i don't know how it broke a this one's not broke.
It's not really nice to look at.
My necklace but it's broke.
You know what i want you to come up to my bed.
Coke in a wee minute.
He um he she um.
And i don't know where the other one is.
It is my daddy paint it.
When are you going to bring your doctor to play.
Hm i don't have time to do this.
That's not a heavy bag.
An then he a then he she done that.
But it's gorgeous with flowers.
Are you going upstairs with me.
You you already take it your turn.
We need that one and this we need a one for this.
Where is that what is that.
A hankie couldn't be in here.
And there's another one in here.
I did all their hairs with this.
I did it today at break time.
Maybe you're a bit old for this.
Yeah i've a spice girl one.
Well i was trying to put it in there.
Yes but he's um he's woody's friend.
And you never done that either.
I don't have one o them or that or that.
Here you carry her don't put her in the bag.
An this one's not broke.
So i don't like her.
You didn't you never used that one or that one or that one or them ones or that one so you never.
Um i don't like this one.
Don't put her in the bag.
I'm trying to get these peas i'll be back in a wee minute.
And he turns into a toy.
No it was my friend's one.
Will you play with my dollies the next week.
He went down in the water.
Do you want to see my new make up.
Why does this keep falling off her.
Yep yeah but he done he em.
We had two turtles and i don't know where the other one is.
A of fish came near him.
I had one up may be but it's not the same.
My friend brought me them home.
I'm down a different one now.
You have to take it now.
My mummies said this could be in here.
Well i don't know when i got them.
Yeah but i have to get your breakfast ready.
Yep yes but its broke.
My nanny broke um the wee.
An there's a there's a big teddy exactly.
I have bunk beds my my.
He she hit me on the head.
Why are we taken them all out.
Um a wee bit of them.
Yep but he she done.
Cause she doesn't have any.
He paints it yellow and then he paints it and he put a stain on that on my carpet.
Don' want to put this old lipstick on me.
We need that one and this.
Um biscuit now an apple that's all.
And i've one so i do.
That's her we'll put back in again.
Shoes bikes cars lorries chew and boats and planes.
You never done that so you never.
I don't know how it got broke broke.
I know you can buts but it's not real it's us pretend.
I don't know maybe desk.
Wait we see if it sits on its own.
What did we call them last week.
No that's not go to that one.
Two hearts one for that one.
An i can carry her down.
An there's and thing what i think you never seen many toys here.
I show you which ones are not broke.
And we need use one down the bottom.
See when my friend called rachel i put all my make up over my face a now there're spots so i don't allowed to put any make up on more.
Na no my friend bought me it.
And the cheese were and it was melted.
An i think this stuff.
Come on and do the jigsaw.
It's not really nice to look at cause it doesn't have grow.
They put him in a.
She came a lovely princess.
Um that's that's a bad girl.
Nah my friend bought me it.
No i had my i had my lunch.
A bumble bee came in.
Em a wee bit of them.
And it went in to the flowers.
Yes my nanny bought me this barbie.
Are we going to play this.
My daddy lifted it up here.
I'm going to call for alan and play now.
I can't get it now and plate for me.
And i go on the big ones.
Hit she me on the head.
In that wee corner there beside my mummies.
Mine doesn't have one of these.
You you already take it.
Yes them are for your eyes.
Hey i've a wee tiny one.
An there's a many flower growing here.
No some of my friends.
Ah i do have it.
But i don't know where the other one is.
Throw that back up again.
But i lost that again.
Know i have and i have em.
Hey there isn't enough for me to play.
Hey diddle the cat and the fiddle the cow jumped over the moon the little dog laughed to see such fun and the dish ran away with spoon.
An a silly old plant.
You're not allowed to press them alan.
My mummies bought me them bracelets from town.
Where could you put this.
There's supposed to be two o them.
My nanny bought me that there thing cause.
Now i still can wear it on.
Here and here and here and put them in here.
But i like it sitting like.
But the big one's too heavy.
Have to eat them peas.
Am a then you do this.
An then can see it.
It was up here when daddy lifted it up here.
Em i want to hear it.
It goes in there clip claps like.
If i is i brought this down.
You're not allowed to play with that either.
Cheese and toast and the cheese were and it was melted so i could eat it.
So i don't allowed putting any make on more.
I you i could ask my mummies get a tray.
Do you want me to catch this down for you.
You know why it stands.
Why is this not going on right.
Them are for the beach.
No that's the one i broke broke.
I don't think this is a lovely be.
But it's not the same.
Hey diddle the cat and the fiddle.
No he one day he pulled that plant over.
It's down there see it.
No i put them on when mummies's getting her clothes on.
You turn this wee thing here.
Eight nine ten eleven twelve.
That's not real that's pretend.
You're not allowed to press them ones.
That's why he doesn't talk.
No but eh that's not for the beach.
If i put the music on.
Can you get the peas please.
Your supposed to you're supposed to.
Where it you be that makeup there.
An it goes like this.
You never done all them.
He's got a tiny teeth.
I had a blue one in here and it broke broke already.
But i don't think so if i can't see any flowers.
That goes to that necklace.
There's and one lost in my jewelry box.
My santa brought me that last year.
There's a big slide and a tiny slide.
It'll be a long time.
You have to put that in there.
Yep but i don't think so.
My mummies's watch what my daddy bought me.
Yep yeah it us than that's why.
Yep yeah bu i up.
Yep that's my jewelry box.
No it was my friend's one then it back to my friend and then lent it to evan now.
There's other things in there.
And they lived happy ever after.
That wee thing you put on the strings.
And i'm sleeping down the bottom bed.
Aye this chair's keep fallen down here.
And he turns into a toy and then when the boy goes away he turns live he live alive.
His hair's all baldy now not like that.
An that a wee thing so it broke that.
Um i show you in a minute.
Ah i don have it.
Yeah upside down it is.
Wait i show you what's inside.
Yeah my mummies bought me that.
My my my friend does holly have bunk beds as well.
Sure i can do it.
And eh when the boy comes up he hides.
That doesn' go in there.
You shove that back up again please.
Let me see it for a wee minute.
I saw one in the trees.
Okay i'll show you how it stands.
But my friend has one and they close the window anyway.
See you turn this wee thing there.
Yes and there're his hiding behind the chair.
Will you put that up please.
Oh peas are lovely a chips yum.
No socks or no shoes on.
An i throw the new thing down.
Yep i don't think so.
And then i climbed the play frame.
She has a sore leg.
When are we going up.
I like wearing all day.
A i broke broke her shoe.
Ah uh millions of teeth up there.
And clothes for in them drawers.
And then when the boy goes away he turns live.
Do you want to play with the doctor case.
Look i don't like this.
Have you seen my wee fishier.
There's your dollie being sick now.
And i will buy you one of them.
An there's all my jew a this.
You never checked the tablets.
We'll put back in again.
Can i do some more of this.
We have a wee look at the story now.
No but uh that's not for the beach.
Why do you put them stickers on.
He's playing out on the grass with no socks and no shoes on.
Now he i'll show you wee baby goes to the toilet.
How do you open this.
You have to lie up on the bed when you're being the doctor.
Yes but he's em he's woody's friend.
Alan try to catch me.
Why is there two scissors.
Look i have the spice girls.
It grew grew a grow.
Um i want to hear it.
Playing in the beach and the park.
There's a wee thing on my sore finger.
So i could eat it.
Don't know where will i put this down the ground oh.
Don't carry her sore leg.
Are you coming or not.
Hey wow this is heavy.
And the dish ran away with spoon.
I got they last year.
Do you want to see my new make.
Clothes up there and clothes for them drawers.
One day i he fight with me a then he a then he done that.
What else's in your thing.
An that's supposed to go in this bed here.
Well i'm getting a hamster.
An i don't think so.
It doesn't so it doesn'.
When i asked my mummies to get some tea maybe she went over it.
And there's just one now.
When i asked my mummies to get some tea maybe she went over it you know.
Yep amy a he she hit me on the head.
And i always go on it.
Cause she has some juice.
Can't get the peas please.
Uh gonna fall now if i sit on it.
One day i he she fights with me.
Eh gonna going to fall now if i sit on it.
Two up here and two down here.
I saw it i seen one in the trees.
Do you know what i think my mummies tidied this be up an don't think so.
And then he paints it.
That's your tablets in there.
Would you like a wee drink o coke.
This keeps falling off her.
Are you going to do something with me.
Now there's more there's more on your part.
And there's there're flowers from the bride.
It grew grew a grow a there's a many flower growing here.
The next time he's going to have a sore leg.
They're not for the beach.
My daddy brought me that home from spain.
My nanny broke em the wee.
But my friend has one.
Oh oh we're in trouble.
It's not real you silly.
See that there ring a that necklace.
So so i'll get it out when it's finished.
And the prince got it.
But he'd want to sleep in that bed where his bedroom now.
And i go on the big ones but the big one's too heavy.
There's lipstick each stupid daily nail polish.
I have and one in here.
Em i show you in a minute.
There's a wee top to go with that.
Hey what do you like for your dinner.
I broke broke her shoe.
No i had my i had my lunch and then i climbed the play frame.
There's another one in here.
Uh i have to keep them down here.
He knocked his things down.
They take all the train things off.
Look what i got to eat.
We've got all the tracks.
Say hello properly round that way.
That's a part of that clock.
Because all they play with tools.
Press the button and it opens.
Is there another one of those.
Um in there i forgot it.
Um buy her some in there.
Have to put all the trains in.
Where's that other hammer i had.
Um you have to open that part.
Yeah wait he gets in.
Do you want to see my new water boots.
That dog must be going mad.
It doesn't rock or nothing it just drives.
Yeah i got a pencil.
You can play with my.
We had to put these bricks in.
The train had to be blocked.
Does the engine go on.
Spider climbing up the spout.
Nothing up and down the tree.
You have to put it on the table.
You have to press the button.
That there will break it.
See all them there things.
At the beach at the sea side.
Make sure you didn't leave anything.
Let me drive it there.
Didn't you get that aladdin one.
Yes some up my room.
I was lying in i dunno don't know where i was lying in my bed with.
Em steven cause i love him.
They're they're going to garage.
You want to see my fireman sam's sam's.
Um lemme see in the bag.
Come out of the water.
Aye brings a net to catch the fish.
Turn the water on and that's all.
What do you think about that.
He makes it with his big hammer.
And you do you want me to show you.
Then when i saw it.
How do you make this thing.
Lemme let me things there.
You put the windows in.
Will you take all the pieces off.
My one's going this way.
It's not working you say hello to your phone number.
One called one called kelsey.
Wanna want to see my big dinosaur coming.
A big um what you do with brick.
Have muscles to drive a big.
That one cause i'm busy.
See you like that one.
Hi i'm gonna get your dinosaur.
Yeah and i played my big machine.
Is it dark down there.
Could you put that on.
He can break it so he is.
Yup and she said wake up.
Nobody wakened me up in my room.
Do you want to see my cement mixer.
It's very dark down there.
Where do all the dinosaurs go on.
What you do with brick.
That's not open i'm putting another battery in.
You take the engine off.
Um is it in there.
Do you want to come over here and see in here.
Can i play with your toys.
Um steven i love him.
And she's making me mad now.
Cause i had them i had to knock them down.
Gonna going to beat him.
Mere come here c'mere come here.
No i need that part opened.
That the same as the bag.
Do you know steven who works with me.
They're all going to the garage.
Here's the train coming chew.
And i'll open the boot.
You don't know what i have.
Em a cement a big cement mixer.
Look what i have a big cement.
Will i do it down your ear.
Go on give some of her some juice.
Well where did you get them.
He goes round the train.
You can play with this one.
Come down to play sure.
You go and get your one out of the get it.
There's something in it broke.
Em is it in there.
The wee ones aren't where i had to keep them.
Give her a drink too.
He had to zoom up his bricks.
Is there another bit missing.
Em could you move your book there a minute.
Baa baa black sheep have you any wool.
And some sort of bar.
You want to see my fireman sam's.
Em lemme let me see in the bag.
If is she let me play with your toys.
I saw it and i saw it then i thought and i really then when i saw it.
Will we throw this here out and that there book.
And she comes and she and she'd and she didn't come in.
Do you want to play with this car.
I can't get that other one out.
He can't break it down.
That's my power ranger my real one.
Can i play with you.
Out and i'll tell you.
Can we play with them.
Could you put that on for me.
And that there and that.
She didn't look at it.
Because he was a bold boy.
The chew is not going yet.
She won't get in there.
Wait you see what i got.
That's a part of that look.
She's not allowed to play.
It's up in my room.
Yeah but it was hard work.
Over there down that there fence.
Would you show me how to get them off.
And leave that on for me.
Um a cement a big cement mixer.
Had i'm a wee card.
Uh um i don't know.
What's that there wee one in this.
Yup he did come in here.
See it won't come off.
See why he has all of all the other one.
All the trains all them in.
Because she won't eat them.
Because she's because she's ate it.
Hi i'm gonna going to get your dinosaur.
And she and she'd and she didn't come in.
And that's all for the night.
Show you what i'm making.
When we're finished this thing.
Turn the wheel round right.
Well do you know what.
Does it look like that.
You say hello to jim.
The choochoo is not going yet.
Yeah that go back to the car.
Because i can see loads of toys in here.
Round round the other way in.
Just um i found them.
You could play with my toys in here.
Can i lift that there thing.
Where i had to keep them.
Okay go and play with.
Could you get all them parts off.
Do you like love that.
All these cars are magic.
Hold that and hold that.
Let me see what's in here.
You have to put get yours going.
Em i had to them down.
Will you put all the pieces in.
The man has to go on.
Gonna going to keep this.
So i can play with it.
Make two big build the fireplaces.
That there big thing up.
Um they a part of it.
Will you open this up for me.
If it's not one thing it's another cathy.
He climbed down the chimney.
If she let me play with your toys.
You have to put it on.
And you got your toys there.
It's all fixed now so it is.
Up the stairs in it.
You say hello first and then i'll phone her.
This is all gone for the night.
That's a free breeze block.
What are you doing mum.
No i have duple you know.
You wanna want to come up.
It's all gone for the night.
I think sent santa gimme that.
There's no light down there.
He's a big fat dinosaur.
Can you open the boot.
I go way way up.
I i'll get you a biscuit.
Could you put this on.
Um could you move your book there a minute.
You you say hello to your phone number.
Wanna see my big dinosaur coming.
Its all done and you do you want me to show you.
Will you make that clock up for me.
Yeah gonna going to crack this.
That's my wee pack of sweeties.
Mon come on out and i'll tell you.
I like they wear too.
A new one a new one.
Will you say hello to me on my phone.
Yeah wait til until he gets in.
You forgot the other part.
See it won't come off it all broke.
Will you open the boot.
You know where i was.
It jumps up and down.
Did that wee boy fall.
He run out of it.
Just putting the baby there.
Because he got the off.
He he's holding the slippers.
Moo moo here and a moo there.
All the other ones had to go up there.
Yeah to let him in.
Let's see i'm coming back to here in the park because.
Do you know who my friend is.
Can i have a wee.
Do you wanna want to come to my room to see the toys now.
Play with all of them.
The train had to be blocked get the big bricks.
Is there another bit missing and that's all for the night.
He goes going to come now and i'll open the boot.
Dingle jingle bells dingle jingle bells dingle jingle all the way.
We gonna going to pick one.
What do you call them.
Here there's all the people.
Where all for the night.
That dog is going mad.
How do you do it.
Do you wanna come to my room to see the toys now.
That was making me mad.
Wait til until you see what i got.
You to play with me.
I all i can do is climb up ladders i go way way up.
It's all for the night.
Well where's the other wee bit.
What do you think of that.
Because she doesn't have sweeties.
And walking down the lane.
Can i break them off.
Rain and washed the spider out.
Did you hear did you hear it.
He climbs up a tree.
Noise cause wait'll you hear.
Look it's a pussy cat.
They have wee um dough.
Twenty one twenty-two twenty free twenty-four.
Are you going to play now.
Look there's a for me.
And my dad'll have to clean it up before it gets scraped.
Well there's lots of toys and water and sand.
Wait you hear a noise.
Then we'll make postman pat.
Then we went to our one.
She putted a hole in it with a fork.
And she'll be back when i'm five.
He fell into the fence.
Can you learn to spell.
This is the other wooden floor.
Well i don't even know.
And you're not allowed to.
Can i watch the jungle book.
And didn't drink it all cause it's good for you.
I can just um in the class i just.
You forgot to come to his party.
Can i have that piece a minute.
Here the noise of it.
Don't tell me to shush.
Do you want to play now.
One two free i got.
There's no wheels in that school but.
And there's his van again.
I saw it for um em the disney shop.
I got he aye he aye of.
Em a fence and outside and the blinds.
My dad had to use glue down it.
If you put hole in it the steam will come out.
The the door was closed the door was closed when the story was when the people were in getting a story.
How did you know where our house was.
And so does riggs play for man united.
They have wee em dough.
You forgot the green book.
She put a hole in it.
And it got up and it bites her.
You want to do some magic sauce.
Well the lion got up.
Yeah you got a new one today didn't you.
There's a bit of his pussy cat.
Because i can't do hard hard ones.
You you know what they call the dog in that.
And didn't drink it all it's good for you.
This here is a piece of here.
Twenty five and fifty thirty.
My auntie linda's away now.
Eh she fell on her slide.
Wait till you hear a noise.
Is this for coloring in.
And he has a wee ball.
No i can't do shoe laces.
Yeah i'm going to have him forever.
Em what did he do.
But he was standing when we were getting a story.
I have sellotape from santa.
When you come next time you will still have them.
O well i show you it's an easy one.
Yes that's the same as yours.
Um what did he do.
Yeah it's just the sign there.
The wheels from the bricks.
But i've got a bike.
Do you want to color this in.
Did he say that there.
Do you like my track bottoms.
What have you got that for.
And you can put them altogether and together.
You see on toy story.
Did you see toy story.
This is my office so it is.
She gave gave them to her mummies.
Are we going to play now.
A big one and a wee one.
Do you want to play with the now.
Mummie we need a drink.
Mummie i'm not going to drink it.
Do you know what age bob.
It has red spiked feet.
One two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven.
Em he saw a wasp.
Throw it in the fireplace.
I'm getting my dinner in school.
And there's house and sand and water.
Are you talking all about my indians.
Now denver do you want out into the garden.
Can i watch the jungle book now.
Um a fence and outside and the blinds.
How did he get them on.
This is an easy one an easy one for me.
It wasn't the one beside our house so it wasn't.
Do you know why he's lying down.
Where does this here go.
Doesn't beep like so it doesn't.
Why did he do it.
No i haven't got a poster but i've got a bike.
Wait you see funny noise.
And then he pointed up in the sky.
And the house in it.
It was then stunned stung his eye.
It's going to start to bleep.
He threw it in the bin.
I saw the blinds and fence and the house.
He got a ball and an alien.
And there's em there're bricks and there's house and sand and water.
You know what that bit of paper is.
That's why in case i need sellotape.
That's why i need it in my office.
The door was closed when the story was when the people were in getting a story.
Um he saw a wasp.
What one is an easy one for you.
You know where i seen him from.
Well i don't even know he put them in there.
On my birthday i'll be four.
How did you know where my house is.
Is that part of his hat.
A black horse and a white horse.
He put his funny hat on.
Can i watch postman pat eh.
A book for my birthday.
Um then you taught me how to do a.
I saw it for um the disney shop.
Aha have you got lots of books.
He likes spitting it out.
Do you know what that bit of paper is.
Put a hole in it.
We're going up to the playroom.
But he was standing when we were getting a story and you're not allowed to.
My dad had to use glue down it and my dad'll have to clean it up before it gets scraped.
And what happened to the dog um.
You see there's a toy.
One two free three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven fifteen thirteen fourteen sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty.
You know i can count to fifty thirty.
Yeah um that's um a hard one for me.
Now where do these go.
Is it a wee boy.
And you need a space ship to go in it.
Um she got a plaster.
Why did you do that.
He he didn't hold it.
Is that an easy one for you.
And denver knows where he put his.
What markham did you say.
Oh i don't know what's his name.
I saw the curtains and the van there.
Not very soon you know.
You're here up all the times.
Because it won't come off in water.
Am i at school too.
And what happened to the dog em.
He put them on the ground.
Em she got a plaster.
Did he get his breakfast.
She saw a lion and it got up and it bites her.
You know what's under there.
No i haven't got a poster.
I can just um in the classroom i just.
You know what you call the dog in that.
Red part where the van is.
Ahhah have you got lots of books.
Can i have a baccy biscuit same as denver.
Now where does this go.
Why didn't you get that jigsaw thing.
Are you going to color it in.
Where's that drawing coming from.
No it isn't it's going to start to bleep.
Do you know what the sellotape off.
How do you spell your name.
He put them in there.
It's not in the story room.
We've got really different stuff.
What happens if you die.
He was pointing to your earrings.
Helen was crying for her mummies.
Why didn't you why didn't you get my jigsaw.
Where does this clock go.
Where does this picture go.
And there's um there're bricks.
We're going up to the play.
He's going to eat it all up.
He likes it to infinity.
And then i woke up and got washed and my teeth cleaned.
How did it get on.
Because i can't do hard.
Why is he doing that.
Uh he put it in the sink.
Where does that clock go.
You know what that noise was.
When we picked her up from abbeycentre.
There's a book in there.
Mummie you see it moving.
Uh well he um he put his breakfast in the bin.
Cause we made big sticks and they click on.
Can we put this bit here.
But you don't stand up.
Can we watch the jungle book.
And then we'll make these here ones.
Well i got ready break.
Want to see me doing an.
He was pointing to your ear.
No it was the one beside granny's house.
Why did he do that.
Wait till you see funny noise.
Do you know what age bob will be when i'm five.
Do you want out denver.
Do you want to see how i spell my name.
Well she didn't like the lion.
Don't know what's in the bowl.
My daddy give me them.
I bought him that i buy me this.
This what's this big thing.
Don't know them from would you get the wee things out there.
There's another plane oh yeah.
About it was a pig.
Watch how i get wait till you see.
Would you would you get me one.
How is it doing that.
No no them's them's scared to.
Them them's them's beach monsters.
Can you still get it.
Yeah wait i show you how i get down.
Yeah you can have two.
Some of my me uh game that aunt june bought me.
Mum why is just washing your hands every time we have our dinner.
And that's and that's the friend and that's his friend and he lives up there.
And this is a lizard that's a baby lizard and this is.
Well i don't know that.
He was out digging it comes back again isn't that isn't it funny.
Can i can i talk into the mike.
I'll make the fr i've made a frostier.
Oh dear poor dinosaur don't hit him.
And that's and that's the friend.
That's color's drawing in there.
Me me uh game that aunt june bought me.
Look what i got in my.
You have to you can't go yet.
Does he not like his tractors.
Look at that's the boy.
Yeah i seemed saw them on when i was at and there's a one called the triceratops.
What is in it what is there.
Put it on it put it on.
Yeah one of them got lost.
There's no dinosaurs in my school.
It's that's them in there that's the that one there's his body.
And don't don't put my tracker coat on.
No he goes and he says it.
It is indeed and what's this.
Why is the power ranger.
That's a big that's only a wee tiny one look at those big bells.
Wi will you reloaded it.
No i mean like a power ranger rococo.
You call him are creepy crawlies.
Not one of them not one of these yeah one of them got lost.
Yeah because they don't put can always they there's one of them has big guns on.
And look at the keenan.
A skateboard a skateboard digger a digger machine.
Wait to you see them.
Can i have it can i have one of them can i have one of them.
No he doesn't build up like that one he builds up like his shooting things like these wee white things that there.
Yeah because they don't put can always.
There big boy he shoots.
No i like them all this one.
Can i go up to my room.
So you could put something in the wee scoop in the bucket.
And i and i and i his babies.
Yeah and don't put the train set down.
He's a train set monster.
And he lives up there.
And how do we roll it how do we roll it.
What is it in it.
This big monster raptors now.
No in a wee minute.
Now i'm a big boy.
Call him black beauty wait t'you until you see me getting on him.
Wait to you see them wait to you see them.
Can i keep one of these.
It it weed over it.
Wait you see me getting on him.
You have to put your on mines.
No i'll show you how i know them.
They there's one of them has big guns on.
Yeah looks like it's these wee scales first there first bit in.
Can i go up to my room my daddy's study.
Something very special for you and me.
Go it fast i can go it fast.
You have to put all the back up that one.
Yeah they're not a painting.
Wi will you wi will you reloaded it.
Only the wee man only the wee blue.
Would you get the wee things out there.
He could fight with another building thing look.
Will we go up big the big ones.
So he's from jurassic park.
You have to bring the cars back next day.
Yeah i have a video of it.
Good size good size good size.
No i only want to play with these.
Cause that's his babies and i and i and i his babies.
You gonna going to play it when stacie comes you and me and stacie.
Up up in those hills.
That one there's his body.
Well i pulled his arms off.
Sort of put it away.
That's my cr the other creepy crawly.
Let's see this wee thing.
See and them's monsters now.
They wee baby monster raptors and big monster raptors this big monster raptors now.
This goes on this there.
My mummies bought me this.
Yeah wait you see them special bells.
That one goes on this bit.
A big creepy crawly that's a daddy one see.
How do we roll it.
A hyena this is not a hyena.
Yeah looks like it's these wee scales first.
She got on with the kids.
Oh there's lots and lots of things.
They must go like this.
Isn't that isn't it funny.
Yeah wait till you see them special bells.
That'd be fun that'd be fun.
And he eats sugar too.
The man might eat them.
Yeah it's a power ranger.
And how do we roll it.
And there's a one called the triceratops.
No he can't he could fight with another building thing look.
She got on with the kids and that was her she was telling them a wee story and she gives them all a wee workbook and our color wouldn't go up till he'd seen the candles because she'd given them all out so she like everyone was asking says you didn't give me a candle and she says well i'll give you this big one when i've finished so.
That in there and he goes.
Yeah and that's his that's his.
Look at these two boys.
A you pull it's tail and it goes.
Oh you can catch me if you want.
A a where's how do they go on.
From my blue power ranger.
Wait t'you until you see me getting on him.
We could put out the other train set.
You have to put all the back up that one and that'd be the best.
You you have to let him borrow it.
And this goes on there.
And that'd be the best.
That one power ranger that one there noise.
Let's see that one you call him are creepy crawlies.
Call him fatty call him fatty.
It it weed over it weed over the weed over the.
Yeah it is watch again i hear the noise he went over it.
No i'm going bit it i'm a big bit a wee bit of it.
And i've got all the power rangers.
He his name the wee birdie's the birdie's name.
They wee baby monster raptors and big monster raptors.
No i can't no make me i don't want to.
Have you seen it before.
The dog ran up behind the house.
No i've only got a tractor train set.
You gonna play it when stacie comes you and me and stacie.
Yeah isn't it a lion.
These two is friends an.
And i don't put my tracker coat on.
This goes on there and this goes on there.
He's bigger than this one.
Yeah i seemed saw them on when i was at.
I in the story room.
Sort of sort of spread.
Look at those big bells.
This is only a wee snake.
Bugs bunny i watch videos.
Yeah wait till i show you how i get down.
He breaks himself himself ah.
Them goes away far that one goes on this bit this goes on this there.
Put it down with that hahn.
Yeah that's that's the one i had.
A digger oh i have where does that go on.
You put something in and it shoots.
A bin lorry this what's this big thing.
Well i haven't a bridge.
Wait to see it shooting.
And this is another one.
Fancy cars it's ours too.
Is there lots of things in it.
Look at that big boy.
Hello said it into that.
Want to see my wee.
Oh it is a horse box.
Where's everyone going with that.
That's a big that's only a wee tiny one.
Wee bits on this side.
That one doesn't make noise.
Look at these two boys them's them's beach monsters.
He eats sugar and he eats sugar too.
My mummies my mummies bought me this.
Why is it how is it doing that.
The the have guns all and the machines the monsters.
Fluffy one he says squawk.
Where does that go on.
Yeah he's built up now.
His two big shooter things on it.
That wee man isn't a monster.
Now this is that's his.
No bill's my best friend.
You call him sqq they.
Now this now this is that's his that's his body.
No i don't want them to.
That one sleeps in there with the baby ones.
A big creepy crawly that's a daddy one see that one sleeps in there with the baby ones.
No i'm going bit it.
His look how he shoots.
A you pull it's tail.
Can i have one of them.
No i don't want my off.
Yeah you make a monster a big monster for me.
You have to put it on your head like this.
And how does the other one go.
And my mommy'll buy me another one.
Stay out of the way.
Cause they go in robocops.
No he doesn't build up like that one.
He builds up like his shooting things like these wee white things that there.
Found it and what's this.
And this is a lizard.
Will you put these in the car.
Th th they washed the dishes.
It's a wee falling thing.
Em the wee girl and the dog.
But i don't have woody.
Look at all the numbers of those things.
And my daddy and all.
Well they say they generally do you know but there's no real firm evidence really.
We're going to finish this last one.
She bought me a clown.
They were on my back as well.
Mummy it's a warm day.
There's cinders and there's one with this there's one with this too.
He he took him up in the sk.
Where's the rest of the door.
Will we color in now.
Will we color this nice one in.
Look at the color of my hair is going.
What do you have to do.
Uh that one's sleepy now.
Do you want to see what's in my.
And this is the swing too.
Big and do you know my daddy bought me a buzz lighter.
And there's no bed for the.
No that's on the edge.
There was a blue one.
His vest isn't buttoned up.
They made a mess of the table cloth and they made a mess of their clothes and they made a mess of their hair.
Do you want to help me down the jigsaw.
Mummy can i go upstairs and go into my bed.
Uh cause the mummy was sitting down for a rest.
No the children did it.
Well i saw my pram in it.
Em i've got a new jigsaw.
There's just a boy a air there's just one air just a baby girl.
Where do we have to put this.
Which bag are they in.
And and they made a mess of their selves themselves.
Does it make a noise.
No they're going somewhere else another house.
Floppy floppy floppy flop flop.
Um i got a bag and.
Well daddy's going to go and do the shopping anyhow so it saves me any hassle.
So that it'll fit in here.
No i'm not really eat chocolate no more.
Do you want another one.
Yes and look what the baby did.
Well i could change his nappier.
What's in there what's in there.
The sister didn't make a mess.
Can i have my black shoes on.
There's rocks in this and the newspaper and daddy's slippers and the magazine is in this basket in there.
Look what she colored in.
The baby forgot to take his jimmies pajamas off.
Look at this book cathy.
The wee boys the wee boy and the wee baby and the sister squeezed that out.
No wait we finish this.
Can you put water in this can you put water in this.
No my daddy likes the rangers.
Went they to the park.
Because he fell and cut his wee knee a bit he fell and hurt his knee.
And kyle and me have to share.
It fell and crashed out.
And i just fall back.
Where's the rest of the swing.
He brought her a present.
The bear floated all night.
Um he ranked ran away.
There's rocks in this and the newspaper and daddy's slippers.
And these pop ups watch this.
She helped the children do it.
In the house all day.
Ah a breakfast egg cup.
Right she's put dolls' house.
They all got the stuff.
She painted a mummy and daddy's garden.
The baby's still sleepy as well.
Yeah but she's got red hasn't she.
I've got ping one too.
She runner out into the garden.
Because she's got a dressing gown on a big dressing gown.
Yes but my granny took me.
Do you want a cream one.
No this is the bedroom.
Um i saw my mummies's pillow.
Yeah will you do that again yeah.
Well the kids are main a mess when it starts.
I think we've had enough playing with it.
I'm going to take their nappier off you too.
And the kite blew away.
Em i did that rachel.
They're getting an awful mess done.
Am done you want another one.
An and a dolls' house.
Does this make a noise.
So it doesn't go off during the night.
You can turn it round.
My baby's going to get.
Come on mummy i can't get this on.
Do you take coke do you.
Yes but i have brown.
You color it in you color it in.
No this is the bed.
That's the bad man and this is the good man.
She didn't get any juice.
And it's a big long one.
Who is wee girl's bed going to be.
I was cleaning my teeth a lot of times today.
And get my tooth filled.
And there's one with this.
Oh i can't put this open.
The children threw it on the floor.
Will we read the story about the park.
Rocks you have to put in.
Do you know his vest isn't buttoned up.
But they i call that a car.
Yeah and i have clothes jigsaws.
No there these that the mummy the babies.
Look here's one it's stuck.
The fire doesn't burn the coal up.
Oh and there goes tom's eye too.
And we got my face painted as a clown.
I want to have my dodge pacifier.
No i have the hiccups.
He gets his nappier changed.
But she hasn't got books.
Do you take sugar too.
Look what i found on our sofa.
And i went to the toilet.
He had to make stuff.
Th they tidy up and then they went to bed.
Look i've finished now i've finished now.
Yes but my granny took me and we got my face painted as a clown.
Cause it did that's why and toast.
Will i read the story about the wee girl made a mess.
They had jimmies pajamas and nighties.
Yes i'm itchy there too.
Um she's going to another place cause she hates the wee girl.
Um because she got sweeties.
And the duck quacked again quack o.
And they made a mess of their hair.
Cause he causes he was getting tired.
No the babies did it.
There was all the mess.
Cause she didn't get any juice.
You can turn it round make into the there.
Some flowers that are not gr not grew yet.
It's all drawn is it.
Can i put the baby in.
Let's go and find some.
They ran up to the spider.
This is the stuff for putting in it.
Because i can't do my noddy jigsaw on my own.
Up out on top the stair rotten.
Can i've my black shoes on.
He says what's that and he says that's nice.
They didn't color in that.
They could see clouds coming.
Keep it in and just.
Let's play with these pencils.
Let's try to do it again.
Oh yeah a christmas one.
No it was the children.
A cl hiccups a clock.
Why don't you do it the other way.
But there's just one two three four seven that's all there is.
Um the wee girl and the dog.
But where's the wee girl going to sleep.
You have to dress it.
You have to play with me.
A air there's just one air just a baby girl.
When you hear a noise you look at me.
Yes i've got a big bike.
Will you will you put my black shoes on.
There's somebody at the door.
You have to find a wee dinah dog bit.
No wait til we finish this.
No the daddy washed the dishes.
Do you change it for him sometimes.
Now can we read rosie and jim story.
And then they only got them juice.
Because she didn't get no sweeties.
Why is there a newspaper and a magazine in this basket.
There's a cat with it as well.
Why is the birdie eating him.
They didn't give their mummies a rest sure they didn't.
Where's that man going to sleep.
They all got the stuff and look what the cat's down.
She hates the wee girl.
No we have no sugar.
Cause round the fire cause the fire doesn't burn the coal up.
When does he come to my house.
It's just cold stuff for a while.
They made a mess of the table cloth.
Do you want to help me do my noddy jigsaw.
There's one in the sea.
Uhhuh in the living room.
Well walk out in the hallway just.
What's that toys in there.
Em i saw my mummies's pillow.
Will i bring the bag over for you.
He fell and hurt his knee.
This is a noddy jigsaw.
Come on let's go find some babies for you.
That's the rest of tom's leg.
Crisps hurt my teeth at the back here.
Why did you look at your radio.
When you pull his wings they go click.
Till and tom and tiny.
No i did it in my pants.
These are pencils these are pencils.
No i know the one about the kitchen.
Em the mummies to open the one eye and keep one closed it's silly isn't it.
At the lipstick and here's the dog.
Because she didn't get any juice.
And it goes faster and faster.
And i've still got one in my mouth.
Look they're getting an awful mess done.
I stay with my mummies.
I think we've had enough of playing with the jigsaw.
Want to play with this.
And why is he in it.
Yeah i'm pinching it with my.
Um um i can't really see him.
That's going to be sore.
Could you open this for me to eat.
Was i at school today.
No he do's does ponies.
But there's just one two three four seven.
Um it's when you can put that whatever way you want.
He gives it to her.
Do the rest of till's hair.
Do you know my daddy bought me a buzz lighter.
I roll over i'm train to hide.
Yes but me too to have my tea in it.
Is there not wee lumps.
My mum changes the room every day.
He put his trunk on his and put it over his head.
And this is a friend and this is a friend of pocahontas and this is the tail and this is pocahontas.
Yes i've got a big bike and it goes faster and faster.
And this is the tail.
Do you know i was watching.
Will you suck my finger.
I did that one too.
Yeah and that's the man.
I didn't go to the toilet.
And linda bought me it.
That one's for grand again.
And she smacked the wee girl.
It didn't smash it just fell.
And all the splashes are everywhere.
Can you help me do this because i can't find it.
Yes and i can swim.
Yeah i've you've just got paper.
He has a big fat head.
They bought her a present.
Will i open my baby box.
Mine is mine's like creamy.
I can see till's wheelbarrow.
Where's the rest of it.
And then they went to bed.
There's a lot of babies of this.
The wee girl's downstairs cause she's a sleepy.
My mummies doesn't make me porridge.
I didn't hear nothing going when santa came.
And do you know my daddy bought me a buzz lighter.
Em he ranked ran away.
Yes i can do it really well do you want to see it.
There's a cat as well.
It was on my back as well.
There's an aunt as well.
No the children did that one.
Looks at the worms and the feather.
That basket rocks you have to put in.
But if i don't know all the bits.
Can you put water in this.
One one two three four five six seven.
She gives them to her mummies.
Why did them color in that.
And she runs about with bare feet.
Mummy can i go upstairs and go into my bedroom.
These are just away in the car.
Cause i wouldn't like it.
This is that is the same as this one.
She let go of the kite.
Can you try to get the baby her do.
We can see with his.
Yeah and i went down.
Yes i can do it really well.
Do you know cathy isn't allowed to eat her bones.
She's not allowed to eat these.
That's the house for them.
We're nearly finished aren't we.
There's somebody at the door i'm going to help them.
Can we make the other one now.
Um i play on the slide.
And there's a there's a window.
There's a there's not a father in the house.
Yeah it's a blue one.
So what did the owl do.
And these pop watch this.
And there's the recipe book.
No there's the mummies bird see.
Uhhuh i'm getting my black shoes on.
Will you sharp sharpen it.
It was rachel or somebody.
Come and gimme give me some more.
Where's the rest of the drink.
No my nasa my mummy got it from christopher.
We'll have to read the story about the girl made a mess again.
And i went upstairs and brushed my teeth.
Will we play pencils will we.
Um the mummies to open the one eye and keep one closed.
And the mummies and the daddy.
See saw see saw see saw.
Well daddy's going to go and do the shopping anyhow.
He does peewees as well.
Oh you do that one.
There's a wee one and a big one.
Yes and my granny bought me this.
Em because she got sweeties.
That's a sea thing one.
Where can you see him.
And the kite went up in the air.
He's swinging on the swing.
Maybe linda done that too.
And when you pull his.
He fell off his boat.
But she doesn't knit no more.
Cause she did and santa couldn't come.
Um i've got a new jigsaw.
Yes but i don't need them.
Do you know i have.
Will we put it here.
Do you want to see it.
She did something did she.
Went they to the park and the kite blew away.
You nearly got that nearly got.
Those are the toys from the baby place.
That's a pink there was a blue one there's a blue one.
Can you buy me another pair of noddy.
Come and get me some more.
It was night time and they all had to go to bed.
Oh and there goes tom's eye too there.
At morning time and night time.
And this is the good man.
This this is the cots.
Um the child are main an awful mess.
And i slide down the slide.
Only got i've only got two.
It's about a teddy bear.
Um just i like it this way.
No that's over here turn the other.
Do you have to close the doors.
And the baby elephant forgot to take his pajamas off.
Do this put that away.
Do you know the magazine is in.
Yes last one and i've still got one in my mouth.
And this is a friend.
No cause he do's does ponies.
And i'll change its nappier and all.
The mummy's gonna going to have a lie down.
Can we do the noddy jigsaw.
That's for the mummy and the daddy.
Oh you do that one and i'll do this one.
But i don't know where the babies are.
He left his um his bear in alone in the park on the seat.
I'm train to get the pendant out of your necklace.
Em it's when you can put that whatever way you want.
Came and took him home.
Wait his vest isn't buttoned up.
Don't be silly jim noggin you silly noggin.
They didn't get any sweets or no nothing.
Uh then i got pulled up.
And they made a mess of their clothes.
No i don't eat bones no more.
And the baby elephant forgot to take his pajamas pajamas off.
There's not a father in the house.
Do you know i have a ping jigsaw.
He he he whistled that.
He nipped me on the arm.
Is it the red of the swing.
She poured out a cup of tea and drank it.
Um morning cause it's nighttime.
See well we have some bread.
It's very hard to color in these isn't it.
Mummy i'm going to talk to you.
This is a noddy jigsaw this is a noddy jigsaw.
Let's go find some babies for you.
Well pocahontas lies down the water and goes too close down the water.
The bad man kills smith.
Bath puts on her jimmies.
Oh that's a broken one.
Where's where's my umbrella cause.
That's the same as the puppies.
But which way does this go.
And i'll do this one.
Look what the paper is in the.
Yes but it's a different one.
A dolls house like rachel's.
That's all the babies done.
Em he did his homework.
And linda had one but linda lost hers.
Can you help me do this.
And when you pull his when you pull his wings they go click.
Because i can't find it.
Oh i have got toast.
But i can't find the pieces.
But don't eat them no more.
He's smiling cause he liked it.
So it doesn't go off during the night and my daddy says santa got burnt by the fire.
Cause she got some juice.
She had a swim didn't she.
It's a creamy stripy one.
Because she didn't get any sweeties.
And after this this here.
Cause she's not allowed to eat these.
Tiny's a girl tiny's a girl tiny and till are the girl.
But there's a window through it.
Yes his wee head would fit in there.
Look for the one em.
She let go of the kite and the kite went up in the air.
There's one with this too.
These i don't need these.
And his wings go dr o.
And the magazine is in this basket in there.
He he plumped a lot of toys in.
They went to the kitchen and they got some tea.
Oh look at that mess.
Because it was all wet.
They were main an awful awful mess.
Once i caught a fish alive.
Me giving the baby a.
Where's my baby cause my baby's going to get.
How will they know there'll be a storm all night and all day.
Yeah cause i'm only little.
They know how to do it.
You give it to me.
He can see a birdie.
He's sitting behind his blinds.
Up up hard push push.
Yeah and she let go and went up in air high.
So it saves me any hassle.
Em i play on the slide.
Cause i would go bubble.
But i don't have woody don't really have woody.
And they all had to go to bed.
All of the dogs are allowed in.
Um he did his homework.
The mummies or the daddy has a.
Would you get your slippers on for me barbara please.
It went away far far.
Um it's an it's a car i call.
Um he did the homework.
He's playing with the shells.
Where's the wee girls bed.
In the wee girl's bed.
It'll be a long way to do it to get it.
She's blowing a balloon up.
Em the child are main an awful mess do you see.
Yes i don't know where the pink one is.
And this is a friend of pocahontas.
Do you know we're sailing on the sea.
What's that mummy look what's that brown stuff on the teddy bear.
Well i have chocolate ones.
Before they went to bed.
Then jim helped rosie onto the barge again.
No linda maybe done it.
He's playing on the table.
Um um um mine is ruined.
Here's the baby seats but i don't know where the babies are.
I look like rachel at jungle jim.
Um she's going to another place.
Are you finished with me.
I've got pocahontas socks too.
And look what the cat's down.
But my mummies wouldn't buy me a barbie one.
But i have no freezer.
Yeah but it will be upstairs.
Why do you have to get adam off school.
Because i'm getting a fat tummy.
Yes and there're rocks you have to put in it.
Let's see what's in here.
No this is mine you're not getting it.
One two three four five.
No i didn't touch them.
But my mummies does it hard.
Because he fell and cut his wee knee a bit.
She's tying the wee she's getting flowers.
Why them didn't color in it.
When the mother came in.
Cause i can't really put them in.
It's bruises it's bruises that's why i'm itchy.
Well where will i put the green ones.
Yes i had two breakfasts.
Yeah but it doesn't fit.
Yes and we've got some more dollies.
The babies and the mummy and the daddy.
But it's only a wee tiny one.
She'll be in trouble won't she.
Could you read me this one now.
Um i did that rachel.
Let go of it now.
He stuck them on his belly didn't he.
Yeah will you do that again.
A lot of times i have to.
They went to the kitchen and they got some tea and they made a mess of their selves themselves.
The mummy's gonna have a lie down.
I didn't hear nothing going.
Come and gimme some more.
Are you going out in a storm.
Tiny and till are the girl.
And did he love it.
He he just sit on the par.
Let's see if i have.
He does wee as well.
It's its just those cold for a while.
No she's got a cross face.
Now i've got this one on.
Will i do it again.
There was all the mess and she smacked the wee girl.
What's that brown stuff on the teddy bear.
Here's a chocolate cream one.
He didn't have rollers in.
And well they're still all sleeping.
Yes there's an aunt as well.
Who do you call the little girl.
Don't leave the tap off.
Could you scratch my back.
Uh the mummy was sitting down for a rest.
Look that's a sea thing one oh yeah a christmas one and that's.
So it doesn't go up.
And his wings go dr.
Swings are it's a nuisance.
To do the rest of puzzle.
Six seven eight nine ten when i let it go again.
Look there's no water in it.
And bread goes dip in it.
So where so somewhere must be in the kitchen.
Don't let him get those animals.
In there get some more water.
I didn't go on that big dipper.
There was none on it.
And don't he's not cold anyway.
Get sand in i have to get a new bucket and get sand in to the bucket and get shells.
There's the granny's bit of head bit of head yes.
That's our home and that's the amusements again.
A wee frame up there.
Yes ethan cries and he wakes me up in the morning.
She wants to she wants to.
He he can't go in.
No i give them all things for the shop.
You you catch one a white one.
Oh where's the shoe shop.
Where's the other other one.
Did you buy did you bring me something.
Blood that's with the scissors.
That man lives in there.
Here's the one with a face mummy.
No i didn't have any.
That's for your short finger.
Where's my other other brush mummy.
And then a blue one.
Why he's sad he wants some meat he needs some room in here.
He likes playing this them.
It's saying i don't want up here.
No i don't want ethan to get it.
There's two wee bears mummy.
Now where does this one go.
He got soaked he fell in the water.
And that's the big pool there.
Will you read that book for me.
Put the wee bears on.
This is off the shopping.
No didn't put a hat on.
He sits with the wee chairs.
Play and devin saw me coming to my nursery school.
You can put the animals in there.
No that's not a yellow one that's a brown one.
There's a place for the sheep.
No no there won't there wasn't.
And these are banging them.
And they a lot of noise.
Just dry it with this.
Who's been sitting in my chair.
I could try this other other bit.
Mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose so he flopped it and it flew away clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit so he flipped it and it flew away.
You try you try to get a blue one.
Yeah a sheep make there.
We have to get the rest of her head.
Play and devin saw me coming to my nursery school she hit all the boys and girls.
Look mummy look what i got.
Yeah and look and where's she going now.
He goes in to the door hey let me in.
And we don't know where's his hat.
Oh another one another one that's not a yellow one.
Yes i can sneeze o.
Yeah have to take me outside.
You could what you could do in your finger.
That's for the new nursery school.
Cause with cause she can't her can't.
He's gonna going to get in that.
You could on put them back on and then you put them on your head and they fall off again.
There's all the shoe shop.
He's splashing make a happy face.
Let's make something for ethan.
Well why's there two scissors.
There's no green ones on this side.
Yes that's not a sheep.
No you're not getting in.
Keep them up a wee bit.
A big black man done.
Cause it because he causes it oh a.
The hospital that's upside down why're you doing that why do you do that.
Is there some water in there.
Oh i have to get this in.
Look here's one out of the garage in ethan's pram.
No she's went gone to the shop.
Don't let him get these animals okay.
Yeah but they're awfully so much noise.
Yeah there was three baby ones.
We had a big goes fast and fast.
You try to the green one.
All these are all these now these twos they're going to the farm these goes to the farm this goes in into here this go to the farm.
Caspar my caspar birthday is a long long time before ethan's day.
Now i try to get the.
Oh cupboard's fallen down there.
And going there and going there and going there and going there and going there and that there and there.
Yes but he bu but he can swim he can't swim.
Yes cause he bangs these things.
Can i do a puzzle now.
That's for the new nursery school i'm going to the new nursery school.
My granny always get me some stew.
The three bears he draws he draws all the.
Give him a give him a helicopter.
And then they go to the shoe.
Going to be his birthday here.
She ate it all up cause she likened liked that one.
It goes in that there.
Yeah they're in the tent.
You could on put them back on.
He's going to wreck my.
Will you read this spot.
Get him back on my on your knee.
See if your finger's big enough.
He got a carrot there a bone.
Yeah it du mummy look.
Who's been eating my porridge.
And it always trying to eat my blouse.
Needs some more water on it.
No that goes away up there.
Uhhuh put him back in there.
Put him back in get him off his back i don't want him coming over.
Yes but she won't be my friend.
Yes and he and he pushes my da's.
Now we're finished that one.
No no one's going to ride on the horse maybe someone's going in there mummy.
But she doesn't sit in it.
You got a red one.
No ethan i'm just playing.
Upstairs to find a bed.
No there wasn't a wee bag of food.
And everyone puts their hands over their ears.
Some of them live in my wee house again.
And then they get their hair cut.
I don't know where my mummies go.
Where's horses go oh there's the horses i can't fit in them.
That's ethan and that's my daddy and that's the big pool there he wee big pool.
Trying to get it on.
Where you put it there.
All their clothes are all over the floor.
No there wasn't a wee bag of food just a wee cup.
And then they go shopping.
Now i have to catch another one.
Don't hit all the boys and girls.
There's someone sleeping in bed in my bed and still sleeping there.
You have to you have to press it up.
My granny and grand and my mummies and my other other granny and grand.
Want to do that this here.
That's too hard for her.
No ethan you have to you can't.
No that's not a yellow one.
Don't do that it's my wall clean wall.
There was one in a rocking thing a wee car.
Cow doesn't be in the zoo.
Get that back into the water and get some more.
Oh cecil goes in cecil goes in.
He put it in there.
That must be off the.
It because he it oh a.
A rabbit eating a carrot.
Don't let him get that thing.
Where why do you do the pillow.
Have to catch a red one.
No mine's just melt there's no more snow.
He does that well ethan.
No she's went to the shop.
Now where's the other other wee bit on side of that.
No it's not a lion.
Oh that's for the water.
She can't get a big breath.
Watch the fire engine puts the fire out and it gets some water and put the fire out.
Right ethan he's going to be the doctor.
And then you take her for a wee walk.
School that one about little bunny rabbit hop hop what's that one.
Cow hasn't been in the zoo.
She has a fish bowl in her hand.
That's so he can't get the.
Yes and he and he pushes my da's and my da will have his life.
Now i can do fishing.
That's the wee window in it.
That fish doesn't want caught.
He got more water this time.
What are you doing that.
I slid slid my grandpa robs fell in the snow and hurt his bum he was.
He has a hat on.
It doesn't fit there sure it doesn't.
Oh where did that one go.
Not buying that one he's too big to get let's put a doll on that.
What's that oh what's that there.
He won't catch he doesn't want caught.
You can put the wee bears on.
Do you have a wee boy called.
Yes my dad was slipping some snow or and built a snowman.
Yes there's it there we have two over there.
They're getting their shoes but where's the bit of it.
There's a wee bit that goes bit there.
That's a look like them ones the mummies wants pigs eat that one.
Where does that bit go.
Oh oh what i don't.
Fly he has no big ears.
Yeah i did this before.
We she just get one out out of the shop.
No there's a cat and dog and eggs.
I want to having animals mummies.
Yes i'm giving them all the.
Where where's the rest oh there.
I did go to the nurse when i got my eye.
And baby says baby has no porridge and no chair and he cries.
Look water's not going away.
Where's the giraffe where's the giraffe.
Yeah and that's at the that's not the amusements.
There was a hen running after me after the food.
Her mummies will ah pick all the egg up.
Oh don't who's going to wear this umbrella.
You put that on first.
And you keep it closed cause i have to get my bike with me.
Get him off his back.
Fish do you want caught.
You keep them up a wee bit.
I try to get that on.
Who's been my porridge goldilocks.
He's too big to get.
Uhhuh big goose and the big goose ate it all it.
No he doesn't like it.
What's i want do the puzzle now.
Now where's the other other wee bit on side of that oh.
Somebody sleeps on my bed and still there.
Oh yeah i know you do.
Cause that's why i don't like them.
He can't dry his hair.
That's a look like them ones.
Oh there's the wee pram for the wee baby.
One two three four five once i caught a fish alive six seven eight nine ten when i let it go again why did you let it go cause it bit my finger which finger did it bite this little finger on the right.
She hits all the girls and the boys.
One girl was splashing one day in the woods and she.
Yeah a lottie on her head.
Oh i think i know i think it goes there now.
No that doesn't fit in there.
Watch ethan going up stairs.
She's scared of the lions she's scared of the lions comma.
Someone's sleeping in my bed.
He can go in the wee pool but.
No look at her sticking her tongue out.
Oh there's a red fur.
And there's a there's a bear.
The mummies wants pigs eat that one.
There's a wee girl and a wee another wee.
You have to get there.
He is no ethan i will put a plaster on you.
So he flopped it and it flew away.
Yes i'll go and get it.
I will feed him i want to bring my back.
She likened liked that one.
He can't get them don't let him get those animals.
Does the duck go on top of there.
There's the wee clown man.
Fly he has no big ears he can't fly.
Oh that must be my mummies there.
Put it back in this.
Cause she doesn't know her dead.
And i'm going to do fishing again.
You read me this one.
And do the hokey pokey.
Well i don't know where's the wee baby's pram.
No haven't been on a horse.
He's gonna get in that.
My mum cut my mummies's belly.
She's going to get her hair done.
Yeah they are twins lions.
Which finger did it bite.
She won't put it in her mouth any more.
No don't let him get these animals.
Oh there's another bit i got.
Falled with his roller skates.
He's standing on the trolley.
That's where got it from.
Can i put it back in i want to put it back in.
Look what i caught mummy.
There's a wee baby in front of her.
No my mother change nappies for him.
Oh you're i've got the white one.
No he drank it all.
Where's another top of it.
That's where the baby comes on.
Where where's this bit of.
No i don't want to ride the horse.
No mommy don't want mommy.
I don't want to play with.
Sh fish michelle got me this.
Let's get some water for the dolphins.
Are you going to the chemist.
Green ones on this side.
Um out of the tree.
He's a wee man he's funny.
Look ethan there's a wee window.
What else is there here to play.
And baby says baby has no porridge and no chair.
That's not the bit of it.
No i didn't hold him.
That be is in the farm.
My dad is going to mind.
No i can't color in.
And you and then put the babies on it.
He's a big enough going to be his birthday here be a birthday and then mine's mine's is going to be a caspar one.
And then we go home.
Where's where is that goes.
Why do you do that.
And put them in here put them in here.
Where did that one go.
Let's put them all back in.
There's still room for the.
I went on the wee.
Must be that broke off.
Oh cupboard's fallen down there it's fell down where did that one go.
Um i know not out of the pond sure where did he get it.
And then we go place.
I slid my grandpa rob's fell in the snow and hurt his bum.
And then they go shopping and then they go to the shoe.
And he got a bone.
Yeah and i have lots and lots of toys that santa brought me.
Yes i did wear it to school.
Look at my sore leg.
Oh look where's a wee rabbit.
They're getting their shoes in.
Goes through it has to go to there.
Put them all back in.
What you could do in your finger.
And he takes my toys go into my room.
Nothing else is in there.
I fell again fell with his roller skates.
There's nothing else to put in.
Oh this is the big elephant.
Lift it up a bit will you.
There were three baby chicks.
And my mummies gets up in the morning.
Will you write something for her.
You got it you got it you got it you got it you got it you got it.
Yes i can ride a pony.
They are the nurses' things.
He says wants the meat.
He's she needs that but they won't give her it.
What else is there here.
And my da will have his life.
Will you mind them for me.
That must be off the is off the.
You try to get that white one.
There's a wee when he was a wee tiny little baby.
A sheep don't go in there isn't safe a sheep.
Yeh they are twins lions.
She's know mummy are not picking them.
She was just minding me.
Where these twos will go.
I think it is that.
He can't there's some room this will go to there and that.
No ethan no take all up first.
Put these in your hair.
This wee baby is going to pull out.
A bees and flowers and a butterfly.
And there're black shoes and with fl with flowers on it.
Put a ticket along there.
He likes eating the meat.
That bit is for dog then.
We have two over there.
Think they're for to put.
Wee small girl have to get a bigger girl.
Um um um a tomato.
No watch him doesn't get these animals.
It doesn't go on right.
She was just minding me wasn't she just minding me.
And then mine's mine is going to be a caspar one.
Where's that other other bit of where's this bit of.
Sgot she's got two tatty hairs.
Is there very much room for this.
It's a mummies giraffe i think this is the giraffe.
I have two grannies sally and there's.
There's dolls in my nursery school my new nursery school.
You have bags thing with flowers on it.
No i don't put these in.
You try to get him.
He won't leave me alone.
No where's that umbrella who's got.
It's too big for her shoe's falling off.
You turn it on mummy turn it on.
Oh oh there's a place for the sheep.
What's that wee button for.
Yes you're coming you och there's two baby lions.
And what could be it smoke.
Get some water get some water.
And what's that one say.
And we don't know where's his hat where's his hat gone to.
Where's his hat gone to.
Some of them live in my wee house again oh can i have the wee house.
Yes i so many teachers and keep her hair back.
There's a wee bit that goes bit there that's the bottom of that wheel his wee bus.
No when i'm a big girl when i'm the big girl i got one of them dogs.
You put your right leg in.
You going to like it.
You can put the animals in there put them all in.
Will you read me a story.
But where's the bit of it.
What what's that in there.
And i was holding them like that.
He wants to play with that.
Right ethan he's going to be the doctor he's going to.
Read us spot read us spot.
Oh here's the rest of her head.
Can i have another book please.
No they're not drinking right with a straw.
Uhhuh the lamb was off me.
Yes she comes from spain.
Yes the sea lion looks dropping.
Well he can't swim in he can't swim in he can't go in the big pool.
Oh would you hold him for me now.
This is grass and here.
You get coloring ins coloring and all.
There was only big ones.
It'll come back from these.
Watch the fire engine puts the fire out.
Looks like it's like it's a blue one.
And it gets some water and put the fire out.
In the water and where's the dog.
What's that sellotape on it for.
Will you put this away over there.
Cause the teacher says don't hit all the boys and girls there's courtney they're courtney's friends.
She will come back she will come back in another bring these back for me.
And there's a wee granny.
Och there's another bit missing.
Look i think that's gone.
No that goes in there mummy.
Is that where you turn it off.
Want to do that this here want to do that.
Now let's put them all back in.
Why you got your shoes off for.
No none's going to ride on the horse.
That must be going in front of.
And he doesn't like playing.
She hit all the boys and girls.
What's called your big boys.
The hospital that's upside down.
This is for the animals.
A wee rattle and there's a wee granny oh here's the rest of her head.
They're going to get married.
That's where d'e did he got it from.
Well where are the bricks.
No my mum feeds him.
There's a hen the hen go in here.
What's that wee sweeties for ethan.
He he would get burnt.
Hers her she's called lily.
Where's that other other bit go.
Where's that other other bit of.
I think it is that look at my sore leg.
Put the dolphin in here.
Yes it is a baby lion.
Yes when the rain comes on all the wee babies having it all together.
You have to give me here.
Hear his chest he wants to play with that.
Yes i'm giving them all the're all happy oh he's got this.
Will you take that off.
There's a tr striker tiger.
Clever clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit so he flipped it and it flew away.
Yeah give him a lot of toys.
What that big thingy is.
And he got he didn't he didn't fall in.
Where's it where's this bit go.
Have to get these things back in where's that goes where that go.
She likened liked this one.
That doesn't that fits in there.
That must be going in front of now that doesn't go we have to get the rest of her head.
She has some wee exercises to keep it better.
There's another one this is the game.
What are these make one of these then.
You got the white one.
No ethan i had it first.
Here's can he play with us as well.
What song what's in there.
That's the wee girl's head.
Ran out to the garage.
There was no there was none on it.
They didn't say that they did.
Don't want to go on.
That one has no like them.
Will you read me a story you read me that.
Yeah i go to nursery school.
Oh back home there you go.
Who's going to wear this umbrella.
He can't he's not an animal.
No watch him doesn't get these animals' no don't let him get these animals.
My mummies and my granny sally and me and my brother and my.
And there's one there was one in a wee pram was not well.
That goes from the seal as well.
What call your big boys.
One girl was splashing one day.
Right you know where this goes.
There's another wee bit and i got it.
He can't play this you can't play this.
He's going to get that and that and that carrot.
Put them all in there.
These glasses for me them glasses for you.
It's trying to fall in.
You try to catch a yellow one now.
No mommy don't want mommy i want mommy.
And then they go to the.
In there get some more water i help him get some water.
Yes two dolls there was one in a rocking thing a wee car and there's one there was one in a wee pram was not well.
He's swimming and don't he's not cold anyway.
Yeah they're all the birds.
Now we're finished that one we can do the fishing.
My mum cut my mummies's belly they did.
Oh he needs a stick in it.
Phone oh where did that one go.
No i stand with two legs.
She fell over the floor.
And where's this other other bit where is it now.
Why do you do it like that.
Have to get these things back in.
He goes in to the door.
Yes but they don't close her eyes.
And he kept putting it on my mummies's wall.
For my mummies from the doctor.
No it doesn't up there.
Watch he's going to get your bag there.
Do you want caught or what.
She has a wee puzzle box.
It's too big for her.
Well he ethan can't swim in he can't swim in he can't go in the big pool he can go in the wee pool but.
This go to the farm.
Cause he would get burnt.
And these are trees and they oh.
Get sunday shoes and measure their feet.
There's a wee that wee thing that goes like that.
Dad i caught a yellow one.
That's too hard for her and she jumped off.
That's off the of the cow.
And you keep it closed.
What sort am i getting.
They bang and they a lot of noise.
He has a sore finger.
And he got a bone and he got a bone.
A sheep don't go in there.
Here ethan these are stickerbricks.
Already got one of these.
Thank you have to play with the bricks.
Listen to my mummies oh water and look.
With she can't her can't.
A clown maybe standing in front of her.
I want to i want all the animals i want the animals make them one of these.
Yeah off the wee girl's head there.
All these are all these now these twos they're going to the farm.
Put that on i want it on.
Now let's see oh there's another bit i got.
It's a wee puzzle look mummy look what i got.
Not out of the pond sure.
Yes there's grand have two grannies.
But he does he do't want it.
You try to get it.
With my granny and grand.
And you know what you know what.
She ate it all up.
Oh here's it here's it here's it i found it.
Yeah and i didn't want to go out.
Where you put where you put the big ones in there.
Give me ethan this is for the farm.
And i want to play with that lift him again.
He needs some room in here.
He was a big one.
Put a wee man in it.
His his name is called ethan.
No it doesn't go swimming.
Little bunny rabbit hop hop.
Put the one right there.
He does like the tractor.
Why did you let it go.
Yes it was in that wee thing.
Go to park and get some bread.
What this is and that.
She's scared of the lions.
Did ethan already get some.
Yes he bangs these things.
Oh this is off this.
There's a duck on the window.
Now i try to get the blue one.
You can catch him white one.
Have to catch another fish.
And these are trees and they oh what that is.
Yeah was big pool and a wee pool.
Yeah you have to look for after.
And then we go place and then we go home.
Let's find that tree where is it.
Give them some more water.
You should put it in her arm for her.
Yes that's not a sheep that's a sheep.
And will you do will you.
What are you doing that i catch a fish.
Want it i want the meat.
Get him back on my on your knee i want to.
No ethan go away no you're not getting in.
Ah this elephant's too big.
And there was big ones.
What is that what you do with that.
And it wasn't my birthday.
Make them one of these.
You try to get one.
Does this go in there.
There's still room for the oh there's a red fur.
Can see a cat again dog.
She doesn't know her dead.
And i want to play with that.
Where's another bit put the one right there.
Fr where's his wee sweeties.
The hen go in here.
Yes and you hold that open.
Look what i did myself.
We get him toys i got a cindy doll.
Are they going to be friends they're going to get married.
That's ethan's in that wee train that's the amusements.
No i'm having the all animals.
Maybe someone's going in there mummy.
No ethan you have to.
You help me get the blue one out.
And they fall off again.
Big duck that was another wee duck.
And you come to my nursery school.
Now let's put them all back in let's put them all back in.
Where's the where's the go.
That's a marry oh there's a place for the sheep there's a place for the sheep.
There motorbike yes a motorbike.
I go at the farmer.
Where did he get it.
Till goldilocks eat all their porridge she'll say that's one too hot.
Oh oh that's my door.
The lot there's the wee clown man.
And keep it keeps him in it oh he needs a stick in it.
What you do with this one.
And then you put them on your head.
Watch he's baby going to get your bag there.
Where there's a wee where's that other other wee bit off there.
No ethan i will put a plaster on you.
And i fell when i was on the bike.
Och there's two baby lions.
Now where's that go that goes there.
Yes i have two grandfathers.
Yeah and these elephants banged the doors.
Where's two trees there's only two.
In case ethan gets that.
Let's read it again and see where it is.
Well where's this goes where there's a wee where's that other other wee bit off there.
That goes where's this goes.
Why's it goes back i think i've hurt it.
Make one of these then.
Now keep that in keep that in.
He is with his mummies.
Yeah don't know where there's another funny face go.
Oh now the lion's not eating them.
We can do the fishing.
And where's this other other bit.
Uhhuh and you know what.
Will you have some pills.
One two three four five.
I think i've hurt it.
No just keep it on.
And then we do fishing again.
We she just get one out o shop.
He won't let me to do that there.
Wh when the bears came came home.
No they're not drinking right with a straw they're drinking bad.
Will you read this one first.
This this goes in into here.
There were three baby chicks and i was holding them like that.
Do i put them in there.
A wee baby on the horse a wee baby on the horse.
I want to bring my back.
Oh another one another one.
She et ate it all.
That's not a yellow one.
Will we put that away put that away now.
Who's going to eat sweeties.
Ah this elephant's too big it's fat.
There's nothing else to put in what's that.
There's a wee hole in it.
Someone broke my chair it's goldilocks.
For he shouts for his mummies.
Yeah there's no cat i can't see the cat.
Oh let me have it.
Yes he has some hands.
They're not putting their hat his hat on.
Climbs on his he can clip.
That's the bottom of that wheel his wee bus.
She hasn't got curly hair.
The scissors have to get open.
These goes to the farm.
You have to get another.
Can you make an airplane.
Where's the other other brush.
Yeah and these elephants banged the doors and everyone puts their hands over their ears.
One two three four five once i caught a fish alive.
Oh oh what i don't well i don't know where's the wee baby's pram.
She will come back in another.
Are they going to be friends.
Wasn't she just minding me.
Where's this goes that doesn't goes there.
There's no more water in there.
Bu bu but he can swim.
He's happy he doesn't want it oh why's he sad he's sad.
And then they get their hair cut and then they go to the and then they go.
That's why i don't like them.
This is only for me.
Can i put it back in.
Oh this is the baby.
Let's put a doll on that.
No i'm scared of the shower.
Yes i can see a cat mummy.
Bring these back for me.
They're all to put in my hair.
We have a speaker to listen to it.
That's our new big tv.
No i don't want to catch a fish.
She's scared of the lions comma.
No that goes in there mummy there're glasses they go in there i know where that goes.
And the big goose ate it all it.
This is a wee present.
Will you put another he has a sore finger.
Have you turned them on so.
And were's there's there're black shoes and with fl with flowers on it.
Don't let him get that thing you hold him you hold him.
Wh when the bears came home.
There's wee curtains curlers to put in my hair.
This little finger on the right.
And then the three bears came back.
Oh can i have the wee house.
Yes just playing with it.
No i'm having the all animals he can have.
Could i have that off.
She's got curly hair same as me.
You have to get another you have to get there you have to give me here.
Do they go up on your head.
Don't let him down here.