My daddy give me them.
I bought him that i buy me this.
This what's this big thing.
Don't know them from would you get the wee things out there.
There's another plane oh yeah.
About it was a pig.
Watch how i get wait till you see.
Would you would you get me one.
How is it doing that.
No no them's them's scared to.
Them them's them's beach monsters.
Can you still get it.
Yeah wait i show you how i get down.
Yeah you can have two.
Some of my me uh game that aunt june bought me.
Mum why is just washing your hands every time we have our dinner.
And that's and that's the friend and that's his friend and he lives up there.
And this is a lizard that's a baby lizard and this is.
Well i don't know that.
He was out digging it comes back again isn't that isn't it funny.
Can i can i talk into the mike.
I'll make the fr i've made a frostier.
Oh dear poor dinosaur don't hit him.
And that's and that's the friend.
That's color's drawing in there.
Me me uh game that aunt june bought me.
Look what i got in my.
You have to you can't go yet.
Does he not like his tractors.
Look at that's the boy.
Yeah i seemed saw them on when i was at and there's a one called the triceratops.
What is in it what is there.
Put it on it put it on.
Yeah one of them got lost.
There's no dinosaurs in my school.
It's that's them in there that's the that one there's his body.
And don't don't put my tracker coat on.
No he goes and he says it.
It is indeed and what's this.
Why is the power ranger.
That's a big that's only a wee tiny one look at those big bells.
Wi will you reloaded it.
No i mean like a power ranger rococo.
You call him are creepy crawlies.
Not one of them not one of these yeah one of them got lost.
Yeah because they don't put can always they there's one of them has big guns on.
And look at the keenan.
A skateboard a skateboard digger a digger machine.
Wait to you see them.
Can i have it can i have one of them can i have one of them.
No he doesn't build up like that one he builds up like his shooting things like these wee white things that there.
Yeah because they don't put can always.
There big boy he shoots.
No i like them all this one.
Can i go up to my room.
So you could put something in the wee scoop in the bucket.
And i and i and i his babies.
Yeah and don't put the train set down.
He's a train set monster.
And he lives up there.
And how do we roll it how do we roll it.
What is it in it.
This big monster raptors now.
No in a wee minute.
Now i'm a big boy.
Call him black beauty wait t'you until you see me getting on him.
Wait to you see them wait to you see them.
Can i keep one of these.
It it weed over it.
Wait you see me getting on him.
You have to put your on mines.
No i'll show you how i know them.
They there's one of them has big guns on.
Yeah looks like it's these wee scales first there first bit in.
Can i go up to my room my daddy's study.
Something very special for you and me.
Go it fast i can go it fast.
You have to put all the back up that one.
Yeah they're not a painting.
Wi will you wi will you reloaded it.
Only the wee man only the wee blue.
Would you get the wee things out there.
He could fight with another building thing look.
Will we go up big the big ones.
So he's from jurassic park.
You have to bring the cars back next day.
Yeah i have a video of it.
Good size good size good size.
No i only want to play with these.
Cause that's his babies and i and i and i his babies.
You gonna going to play it when stacie comes you and me and stacie.
Up up in those hills.
That one there's his body.
Well i pulled his arms off.
Sort of put it away.
That's my cr the other creepy crawly.
Let's see this wee thing.
See and them's monsters now.
They wee baby monster raptors and big monster raptors this big monster raptors now.
This goes on this there.
My mummies bought me this.
Yeah wait you see them special bells.
That one goes on this bit.
A big creepy crawly that's a daddy one see.
How do we roll it.
A hyena this is not a hyena.
Yeah looks like it's these wee scales first.
She got on with the kids.
Oh there's lots and lots of things.
They must go like this.
Isn't that isn't it funny.
Yeah wait till you see them special bells.
That'd be fun that'd be fun.
And he eats sugar too.
The man might eat them.
Yeah it's a power ranger.
And how do we roll it.
And there's a one called the triceratops.
No he can't he could fight with another building thing look.
She got on with the kids and that was her she was telling them a wee story and she gives them all a wee workbook and our color wouldn't go up till he'd seen the candles because she'd given them all out so she like everyone was asking says you didn't give me a candle and she says well i'll give you this big one when i've finished so.
That in there and he goes.
Yeah and that's his that's his.
Look at these two boys.
A you pull it's tail and it goes.
Oh you can catch me if you want.
A a where's how do they go on.
From my blue power ranger.
Wait t'you until you see me getting on him.
We could put out the other train set.
You have to put all the back up that one and that'd be the best.
You you have to let him borrow it.
And this goes on there.
And that'd be the best.
That one power ranger that one there noise.
Let's see that one you call him are creepy crawlies.
Call him fatty call him fatty.
It it weed over it weed over the weed over the.
Yeah it is watch again i hear the noise he went over it.
No i'm going bit it i'm a big bit a wee bit of it.
And i've got all the power rangers.
He his name the wee birdie's the birdie's name.
They wee baby monster raptors and big monster raptors.
No i can't no make me i don't want to.
Have you seen it before.
The dog ran up behind the house.
No i've only got a tractor train set.
You gonna play it when stacie comes you and me and stacie.
Yeah isn't it a lion.
These two is friends an.
And i don't put my tracker coat on.
This goes on there and this goes on there.
He's bigger than this one.
Yeah i seemed saw them on when i was at.
I in the story room.
Sort of sort of spread.
Look at those big bells.
This is only a wee snake.
Bugs bunny i watch videos.
Yeah wait till i show you how i get down.
He breaks himself himself ah.
Them goes away far that one goes on this bit this goes on this there.
Put it down with that hahn.
Yeah that's that's the one i had.
A digger oh i have where does that go on.
You put something in and it shoots.
A bin lorry this what's this big thing.
Well i haven't a bridge.
Wait to see it shooting.
And this is another one.
Fancy cars it's ours too.
Is there lots of things in it.
Look at that big boy.
Hello said it into that.
Want to see my wee.
Oh it is a horse box.
Where's everyone going with that.
That's a big that's only a wee tiny one.
Wee bits on this side.
That one doesn't make noise.
Look at these two boys them's them's beach monsters.
He eats sugar and he eats sugar too.
My mummies my mummies bought me this.
Why is it how is it doing that.
The the have guns all and the machines the monsters.
Fluffy one he says squawk.
Where does that go on.
Yeah he's built up now.
His two big shooter things on it.
That wee man isn't a monster.
Now this is that's his.
No bill's my best friend.
You call him sqq they.
Now this now this is that's his that's his body.
No i don't want them to.
That one sleeps in there with the baby ones.
A big creepy crawly that's a daddy one see that one sleeps in there with the baby ones.
No i'm going bit it.
His look how he shoots.
A you pull it's tail.
Can i have one of them.
No i don't want my off.
Yeah you make a monster a big monster for me.
You have to put it on your head like this.
And how does the other one go.
And my mommy'll buy me another one.
Stay out of the way.
Cause they go in robocops.
No he doesn't build up like that one.
He builds up like his shooting things like these wee white things that there.
Found it and what's this.
And this is a lizard.
