Six seven eight nine ten when i let it go again.
Look there's no water in it.
And bread goes dip in it.
So where so somewhere must be in the kitchen.
Don't let him get those animals.
In there get some more water.
I didn't go on that big dipper.
There was none on it.
And don't he's not cold anyway.
Get sand in i have to get a new bucket and get sand in to the bucket and get shells.
There's the granny's bit of head bit of head yes.
That's our home and that's the amusements again.
A wee frame up there.
Yes ethan cries and he wakes me up in the morning.
She wants to she wants to.
He he can't go in.
No i give them all things for the shop.
You you catch one a white one.
Oh where's the shoe shop.
Where's the other other one.
Did you buy did you bring me something.
Blood that's with the scissors.
That man lives in there.
Here's the one with a face mummy.
No i didn't have any.
That's for your short finger.
Where's my other other brush mummy.
And then a blue one.
Why he's sad he wants some meat he needs some room in here.
He likes playing this them.
It's saying i don't want up here.
No i don't want ethan to get it.
There's two wee bears mummy.
Now where does this one go.
He got soaked he fell in the water.
And that's the big pool there.
Will you read that book for me.
Put the wee bears on.
This is off the shopping.
No didn't put a hat on.
He sits with the wee chairs.
Play and devin saw me coming to my nursery school.
You can put the animals in there.
No that's not a yellow one that's a brown one.
There's a place for the sheep.
No no there won't there wasn't.
And these are banging them.
And they a lot of noise.
Just dry it with this.
Who's been sitting in my chair.
I could try this other other bit.
Mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose mr peter rabbit had a fly upon his nose so he flopped it and it flew away clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit so he flipped it and it flew away.
You try you try to get a blue one.
Yeah a sheep make there.
We have to get the rest of her head.
Play and devin saw me coming to my nursery school she hit all the boys and girls.
Look mummy look what i got.
Yeah and look and where's she going now.
He goes in to the door hey let me in.
And we don't know where's his hat.
Oh another one another one that's not a yellow one.
Yes i can sneeze o.
Yeah have to take me outside.
You could what you could do in your finger.
That's for the new nursery school.
Cause with cause she can't her can't.
He's gonna going to get in that.
You could on put them back on and then you put them on your head and they fall off again.
There's all the shoe shop.
He's splashing make a happy face.
Let's make something for ethan.
Well why's there two scissors.
There's no green ones on this side.
Yes that's not a sheep.
No you're not getting in.
Keep them up a wee bit.
A big black man done.
Cause it because he causes it oh a.
The hospital that's upside down why're you doing that why do you do that.
Is there some water in there.
Oh i have to get this in.
Look here's one out of the garage in ethan's pram.
No she's went gone to the shop.
Don't let him get these animals okay.
Yeah but they're awfully so much noise.
Yeah there was three baby ones.
We had a big goes fast and fast.
You try to the green one.
All these are all these now these twos they're going to the farm these goes to the farm this goes in into here this go to the farm.
Caspar my caspar birthday is a long long time before ethan's day.
Now i try to get the.
Oh cupboard's fallen down there.
And going there and going there and going there and going there and going there and that there and there.
Yes but he bu but he can swim he can't swim.
Yes cause he bangs these things.
Can i do a puzzle now.
That's for the new nursery school i'm going to the new nursery school.
My granny always get me some stew.
The three bears he draws he draws all the.
Give him a give him a helicopter.
And then they go to the shoe.
Going to be his birthday here.
She ate it all up cause she likened liked that one.
It goes in that there.
Yeah they're in the tent.
You could on put them back on.
He's going to wreck my.
Will you read this spot.
Get him back on my on your knee.
See if your finger's big enough.
He got a carrot there a bone.
Yeah it du mummy look.
Who's been eating my porridge.
And it always trying to eat my blouse.
Needs some more water on it.
No that goes away up there.
Uhhuh put him back in there.
Put him back in get him off his back i don't want him coming over.
Yes but she won't be my friend.
Yes and he and he pushes my da's.
Now we're finished that one.
No no one's going to ride on the horse maybe someone's going in there mummy.
But she doesn't sit in it.
You got a red one.
No ethan i'm just playing.
Upstairs to find a bed.
No there wasn't a wee bag of food.
And everyone puts their hands over their ears.
Some of them live in my wee house again.
And then they get their hair cut.
I don't know where my mummies go.
Where's horses go oh there's the horses i can't fit in them.
That's ethan and that's my daddy and that's the big pool there he wee big pool.
Trying to get it on.
Where you put it there.
All their clothes are all over the floor.
No there wasn't a wee bag of food just a wee cup.
And then they go shopping.
Now i have to catch another one.
Don't hit all the boys and girls.
There's someone sleeping in bed in my bed and still sleeping there.
You have to you have to press it up.
My granny and grand and my mummies and my other other granny and grand.
Want to do that this here.
That's too hard for her.
No ethan you have to you can't.
No that's not a yellow one.
Don't do that it's my wall clean wall.
There was one in a rocking thing a wee car.
Cow doesn't be in the zoo.
Get that back into the water and get some more.
Oh cecil goes in cecil goes in.
He put it in there.
That must be off the.
It because he it oh a.
A rabbit eating a carrot.
Don't let him get that thing.
Where why do you do the pillow.
Have to catch a red one.
No mine's just melt there's no more snow.
He does that well ethan.
No she's went to the shop.
Now where's the other other wee bit on side of that.
No it's not a lion.
Oh that's for the water.
She can't get a big breath.
Watch the fire engine puts the fire out and it gets some water and put the fire out.
Right ethan he's going to be the doctor.
And then you take her for a wee walk.
School that one about little bunny rabbit hop hop what's that one.
Cow hasn't been in the zoo.
She has a fish bowl in her hand.
That's so he can't get the.
Yes and he and he pushes my da's and my da will have his life.
Now i can do fishing.
That's the wee window in it.
That fish doesn't want caught.
He got more water this time.
What are you doing that.
I slid slid my grandpa robs fell in the snow and hurt his bum he was.
He has a hat on.
It doesn't fit there sure it doesn't.
Oh where did that one go.
Not buying that one he's too big to get let's put a doll on that.
What's that oh what's that there.
He won't catch he doesn't want caught.
You can put the wee bears on.
Do you have a wee boy called.
Yes my dad was slipping some snow or and built a snowman.
Yes there's it there we have two over there.
They're getting their shoes but where's the bit of it.
There's a wee bit that goes bit there.
That's a look like them ones the mummies wants pigs eat that one.
Where does that bit go.
Oh oh what i don't.
Fly he has no big ears.
Yeah i did this before.
We she just get one out out of the shop.
No there's a cat and dog and eggs.
I want to having animals mummies.
Yes i'm giving them all the.
Where where's the rest oh there.
I did go to the nurse when i got my eye.
And baby says baby has no porridge and no chair and he cries.
Look water's not going away.
Where's the giraffe where's the giraffe.
Yeah and that's at the that's not the amusements.
There was a hen running after me after the food.
Her mummies will ah pick all the egg up.
Oh don't who's going to wear this umbrella.
You put that on first.
And you keep it closed cause i have to get my bike with me.
Get him off his back.
Fish do you want caught.
You keep them up a wee bit.
I try to get that on.
Who's been my porridge goldilocks.
He's too big to get.
Uhhuh big goose and the big goose ate it all it.
No he doesn't like it.
What's i want do the puzzle now.
Now where's the other other wee bit on side of that oh.
Somebody sleeps on my bed and still there.
Oh yeah i know you do.
Cause that's why i don't like them.
He can't dry his hair.
That's a look like them ones.
Oh there's the wee pram for the wee baby.
One two three four five once i caught a fish alive six seven eight nine ten when i let it go again why did you let it go cause it bit my finger which finger did it bite this little finger on the right.
She hits all the girls and the boys.
One girl was splashing one day in the woods and she.
Yeah a lottie on her head.
Oh i think i know i think it goes there now.
No that doesn't fit in there.
Watch ethan going up stairs.
She's scared of the lions she's scared of the lions comma.
Someone's sleeping in my bed.
He can go in the wee pool but.
No look at her sticking her tongue out.
Oh there's a red fur.
And there's a there's a bear.
The mummies wants pigs eat that one.
There's a wee girl and a wee another wee.
You have to get there.
He is no ethan i will put a plaster on you.
So he flopped it and it flew away.
Yes i'll go and get it.
I will feed him i want to bring my back.
She likened liked that one.
He can't get them don't let him get those animals.
Does the duck go on top of there.
There's the wee clown man.
Fly he has no big ears he can't fly.
Oh that must be my mummies there.
Put it back in this.
Cause she doesn't know her dead.
And i'm going to do fishing again.
You read me this one.
And do the hokey pokey.
Well i don't know where's the wee baby's pram.
No haven't been on a horse.
He's gonna get in that.
My mum cut my mummies's belly.
She's going to get her hair done.
Yeah they are twins lions.
Which finger did it bite.
She won't put it in her mouth any more.
No don't let him get these animals.
Oh there's another bit i got.
Falled with his roller skates.
He's standing on the trolley.
That's where got it from.
Can i put it back in i want to put it back in.
Look what i caught mummy.
There's a wee baby in front of her.
No my mother change nappies for him.
Oh you're i've got the white one.
No he drank it all.
Where's another top of it.
That's where the baby comes on.
Where where's this bit of.
No i don't want to ride the horse.
No mommy don't want mommy.
I don't want to play with.
Sh fish michelle got me this.
Let's get some water for the dolphins.
Are you going to the chemist.
Green ones on this side.
Um out of the tree.
He's a wee man he's funny.
Look ethan there's a wee window.
What else is there here to play.
And baby says baby has no porridge and no chair.
That's not the bit of it.
No i didn't hold him.
That be is in the farm.
My dad is going to mind.
No i can't color in.
And you and then put the babies on it.
He's a big enough going to be his birthday here be a birthday and then mine's mine's is going to be a caspar one.
And then we go home.
Where's where is that goes.
Why do you do that.
And put them in here put them in here.
Where did that one go.
Let's put them all back in.
There's still room for the.
I went on the wee.
Must be that broke off.
Oh cupboard's fallen down there it's fell down where did that one go.
Um i know not out of the pond sure where did he get it.
And then we go place.
I slid my grandpa rob's fell in the snow and hurt his bum.
And then they go shopping and then they go to the shoe.
And he got a bone.
Yeah and i have lots and lots of toys that santa brought me.
Yes i did wear it to school.
Look at my sore leg.
Oh look where's a wee rabbit.
They're getting their shoes in.
Goes through it has to go to there.
Put them all back in.
What you could do in your finger.
And he takes my toys go into my room.
Nothing else is in there.
I fell again fell with his roller skates.
There's nothing else to put in.
Oh this is the big elephant.
Lift it up a bit will you.
There were three baby chicks.
And my mummies gets up in the morning.
Will you write something for her.
You got it you got it you got it you got it you got it you got it.
Yes i can ride a pony.
They are the nurses' things.
He says wants the meat.
He's she needs that but they won't give her it.
What else is there here.
And my da will have his life.
Will you mind them for me.
That must be off the is off the.
You try to get that white one.
There's a wee when he was a wee tiny little baby.
A sheep don't go in there isn't safe a sheep.
Yeh they are twins lions.
She's know mummy are not picking them.
She was just minding me.
Where these twos will go.
I think it is that.
He can't there's some room this will go to there and that.
No ethan no take all up first.
Put these in your hair.
This wee baby is going to pull out.
A bees and flowers and a butterfly.
And there're black shoes and with fl with flowers on it.
Put a ticket along there.
He likes eating the meat.
That bit is for dog then.
We have two over there.
Think they're for to put.
Wee small girl have to get a bigger girl.
Um um um a tomato.
No watch him doesn't get these animals.
It doesn't go on right.
She was just minding me wasn't she just minding me.
And then mine's mine is going to be a caspar one.
Where's that other other bit of where's this bit of.
Sgot she's got two tatty hairs.
Is there very much room for this.
It's a mummies giraffe i think this is the giraffe.
I have two grannies sally and there's.
There's dolls in my nursery school my new nursery school.
You have bags thing with flowers on it.
No i don't put these in.
You try to get him.
He won't leave me alone.
No where's that umbrella who's got.
It's too big for her shoe's falling off.
You turn it on mummy turn it on.
Oh oh there's a place for the sheep.
What's that wee button for.
Yes you're coming you och there's two baby lions.
And what could be it smoke.
Get some water get some water.
And what's that one say.
And we don't know where's his hat where's his hat gone to.
Where's his hat gone to.
Some of them live in my wee house again oh can i have the wee house.
Yes i so many teachers and keep her hair back.
There's a wee bit that goes bit there that's the bottom of that wheel his wee bus.
No when i'm a big girl when i'm the big girl i got one of them dogs.
You put your right leg in.
You going to like it.
You can put the animals in there put them all in.
Will you read me a story.
But where's the bit of it.
What what's that in there.
And i was holding them like that.
He wants to play with that.
Right ethan he's going to be the doctor he's going to.
Read us spot read us spot.
Oh here's the rest of her head.
Can i have another book please.
No they're not drinking right with a straw.
Uhhuh the lamb was off me.
Yes she comes from spain.
Yes the sea lion looks dropping.
Well he can't swim in he can't swim in he can't go in the big pool.
Oh would you hold him for me now.
This is grass and here.
You get coloring ins coloring and all.
There was only big ones.
It'll come back from these.
Watch the fire engine puts the fire out.
Looks like it's like it's a blue one.
And it gets some water and put the fire out.
In the water and where's the dog.
What's that sellotape on it for.
Will you put this away over there.
Cause the teacher says don't hit all the boys and girls there's courtney they're courtney's friends.
She will come back she will come back in another bring these back for me.
And there's a wee granny.
Och there's another bit missing.
Look i think that's gone.
No that goes in there mummy.
Is that where you turn it off.
Want to do that this here want to do that.
Now let's put them all back in.
Why you got your shoes off for.
No none's going to ride on the horse.
That must be going in front of.
And he doesn't like playing.
She hit all the boys and girls.
What's called your big boys.
The hospital that's upside down.
This is for the animals.
A wee rattle and there's a wee granny oh here's the rest of her head.
They're going to get married.
That's where d'e did he got it from.
Well where are the bricks.
No my mum feeds him.
There's a hen the hen go in here.
What's that wee sweeties for ethan.
He he would get burnt.
Hers her she's called lily.
Where's that other other bit go.
Where's that other other bit of.
I think it is that look at my sore leg.
Put the dolphin in here.
Yes it is a baby lion.
Yes when the rain comes on all the wee babies having it all together.
You have to give me here.
Hear his chest he wants to play with that.
Yes i'm giving them all the're all happy oh he's got this.
Will you take that off.
There's a tr striker tiger.
Clever clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit clever peter rabbit so he flipped it and it flew away.
Yeah give him a lot of toys.
What that big thingy is.
And he got he didn't he didn't fall in.
Where's it where's this bit go.
Have to get these things back in where's that goes where that go.
She likened liked this one.
That doesn't that fits in there.
That must be going in front of now that doesn't go we have to get the rest of her head.
She has some wee exercises to keep it better.
There's another one this is the game.
What are these make one of these then.
You got the white one.
No ethan i had it first.
Here's can he play with us as well.
What song what's in there.
That's the wee girl's head.
Ran out to the garage.
There was no there was none on it.
They didn't say that they did.
Don't want to go on.
That one has no like them.
Will you read me a story you read me that.
Yeah i go to nursery school.
Oh back home there you go.
Who's going to wear this umbrella.
He can't he's not an animal.
No watch him doesn't get these animals' no don't let him get these animals.
My mummies and my granny sally and me and my brother and my.
And there's one there was one in a wee pram was not well.
That goes from the seal as well.
What call your big boys.
One girl was splashing one day.
Right you know where this goes.
There's another wee bit and i got it.
He can't play this you can't play this.
He's going to get that and that and that carrot.
Put them all in there.
These glasses for me them glasses for you.
It's trying to fall in.
You try to catch a yellow one now.
No mommy don't want mommy i want mommy.
And then they go to the.
In there get some more water i help him get some water.
Yes two dolls there was one in a rocking thing a wee car and there's one there was one in a wee pram was not well.
He's swimming and don't he's not cold anyway.
Yeah they're all the birds.
Now we're finished that one we can do the fishing.
My mum cut my mummies's belly they did.
Oh he needs a stick in it.
Phone oh where did that one go.
No i stand with two legs.
She fell over the floor.
And where's this other other bit where is it now.
Why do you do it like that.
Have to get these things back in.
He goes in to the door.
Yes but they don't close her eyes.
And he kept putting it on my mummies's wall.
For my mummies from the doctor.
No it doesn't up there.
Watch he's going to get your bag there.
Do you want caught or what.
She has a wee puzzle box.
It's too big for her.
Well he ethan can't swim in he can't swim in he can't go in the big pool he can go in the wee pool but.
This go to the farm.
Cause he would get burnt.
And these are trees and they oh.
Get sunday shoes and measure their feet.
There's a wee that wee thing that goes like that.
Dad i caught a yellow one.
That's too hard for her and she jumped off.
That's off the of the cow.
And you keep it closed.
What sort am i getting.
They bang and they a lot of noise.
He has a sore finger.
And he got a bone and he got a bone.
A sheep don't go in there.
Here ethan these are stickerbricks.
Already got one of these.
Thank you have to play with the bricks.
Listen to my mummies oh water and look.
With she can't her can't.
A clown maybe standing in front of her.
I want to i want all the animals i want the animals make them one of these.
Yeah off the wee girl's head there.
All these are all these now these twos they're going to the farm.
Put that on i want it on.
Now let's see oh there's another bit i got.
It's a wee puzzle look mummy look what i got.
Not out of the pond sure.
Yes there's grand have two grannies.
But he does he do't want it.
You try to get it.
With my granny and grand.
And you know what you know what.
She ate it all up.
Oh here's it here's it here's it i found it.
Yeah and i didn't want to go out.
Where you put where you put the big ones in there.
Give me ethan this is for the farm.
And i want to play with that lift him again.
He needs some room in here.
He was a big one.
Put a wee man in it.
His his name is called ethan.
No it doesn't go swimming.
Little bunny rabbit hop hop.
Put the one right there.
He does like the tractor.
Why did you let it go.
Yes it was in that wee thing.
Go to park and get some bread.
What this is and that.
She's scared of the lions.
Did ethan already get some.
Yes he bangs these things.
Oh this is off this.
There's a duck on the window.
Now i try to get the blue one.
You can catch him white one.
Have to catch another fish.
And these are trees and they oh what that is.
Yeah was big pool and a wee pool.
Yeah you have to look for after.
And then we go place and then we go home.
Let's find that tree where is it.
Give them some more water.
You should put it in her arm for her.
Yes that's not a sheep that's a sheep.
And will you do will you.
What are you doing that i catch a fish.
Want it i want the meat.
Get him back on my on your knee i want to.
No ethan go away no you're not getting in.
Ah this elephant's too big.
And there was big ones.
What is that what you do with that.
And it wasn't my birthday.
Make them one of these.
You try to get one.
Does this go in there.
There's still room for the oh there's a red fur.
Can see a cat again dog.
She doesn't know her dead.
And i want to play with that.
Where's another bit put the one right there.
Fr where's his wee sweeties.
The hen go in here.
Yes and you hold that open.
Look what i did myself.
We get him toys i got a cindy doll.
Are they going to be friends they're going to get married.
That's ethan's in that wee train that's the amusements.
No i'm having the all animals.
Maybe someone's going in there mummy.
No ethan you have to.
You help me get the blue one out.
And they fall off again.
Big duck that was another wee duck.
And you come to my nursery school.
Now let's put them all back in let's put them all back in.
Where's the where's the go.
That's a marry oh there's a place for the sheep there's a place for the sheep.
There motorbike yes a motorbike.
I go at the farmer.
Where did he get it.
Till goldilocks eat all their porridge she'll say that's one too hot.
Oh oh that's my door.
The lot there's the wee clown man.
And keep it keeps him in it oh he needs a stick in it.
What you do with this one.
And then you put them on your head.
Watch he's baby going to get your bag there.
Where there's a wee where's that other other wee bit off there.
No ethan i will put a plaster on you.
And i fell when i was on the bike.
Och there's two baby lions.
Now where's that go that goes there.
Yes i have two grandfathers.
Yeah and these elephants banged the doors.
Where's two trees there's only two.
In case ethan gets that.
Let's read it again and see where it is.
Well where's this goes where there's a wee where's that other other wee bit off there.
That goes where's this goes.
Why's it goes back i think i've hurt it.
Make one of these then.
Now keep that in keep that in.
He is with his mummies.
Yeah don't know where there's another funny face go.
Oh now the lion's not eating them.
We can do the fishing.
And where's this other other bit.
Uhhuh and you know what.
Will you have some pills.
One two three four five.
I think i've hurt it.
No just keep it on.
And then we do fishing again.
We she just get one out o shop.
He won't let me to do that there.
Wh when the bears came came home.
No they're not drinking right with a straw they're drinking bad.
Will you read this one first.
This this goes in into here.
There were three baby chicks and i was holding them like that.
Do i put them in there.
A wee baby on the horse a wee baby on the horse.
I want to bring my back.
Oh another one another one.
She et ate it all.
That's not a yellow one.
Will we put that away put that away now.
Who's going to eat sweeties.
Ah this elephant's too big it's fat.
There's nothing else to put in what's that.
There's a wee hole in it.
Someone broke my chair it's goldilocks.
For he shouts for his mummies.
Yeah there's no cat i can't see the cat.
Oh let me have it.
Yes he has some hands.
They're not putting their hat his hat on.
Climbs on his he can clip.
That's the bottom of that wheel his wee bus.
She hasn't got curly hair.
The scissors have to get open.
These goes to the farm.
You have to get another.
Can you make an airplane.
Where's the other other brush.
Yeah and these elephants banged the doors and everyone puts their hands over their ears.
One two three four five once i caught a fish alive.
Oh oh what i don't well i don't know where's the wee baby's pram.
She will come back in another.
Are they going to be friends.
Wasn't she just minding me.
Where's this goes that doesn't goes there.
There's no more water in there.
Bu bu but he can swim.
He's happy he doesn't want it oh why's he sad he's sad.
And then they get their hair cut and then they go to the and then they go.
That's why i don't like them.
This is only for me.
Can i put it back in.
Oh this is the baby.
Let's put a doll on that.
No i'm scared of the shower.
Yes i can see a cat mummy.
Bring these back for me.
They're all to put in my hair.
We have a speaker to listen to it.
That's our new big tv.
No i don't want to catch a fish.
She's scared of the lions comma.
No that goes in there mummy there're glasses they go in there i know where that goes.
And the big goose ate it all it.
This is a wee present.
Will you put another he has a sore finger.
Have you turned them on so.
And were's there's there're black shoes and with fl with flowers on it.
Don't let him get that thing you hold him you hold him.
Wh when the bears came home.
There's wee curtains curlers to put in my hair.
This little finger on the right.
And then the three bears came back.
Oh can i have the wee house.
Yes just playing with it.
No i'm having the all animals he can have.
Could i have that off.
She's got curly hair same as me.
You have to get another you have to get there you have to give me here.
Do they go up on your head.
Don't let him down here.
